<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 27</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 27</h1>
    <p>&quot;Alright──Operation start!&quot;</p>
<p>I and Tak&#x27;s party leap out of the side tunnel and onto the central floating island.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, we&#x27;re your opponents!──《Hate Action》!&quot;</p>
<p>Kay raises his adamantine sword and shield, spreading a purple wave to increase the Peryton&#x27;s hate value and draw its attention.</p>
<p>&quot;The goal is to stall, so 《Space-Time Enchant》──Defense, Mind, Speed!&quot;</p>
<p>I cast enchantments of defense and speed enhancement on everyone, preparing them.</p>
<p>&quot;Mew and the others, go!&quot;</p>
<p>Then, with the Peryton&#x27;s attention focused on us, Mew and the others, who jumped out of the side tunnel, carry the handle found by Toutobi and head for the side tunnel with the raising and lowering gimmick.</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>With a cry like a distant howl, countless figures surge forth from the Peryton&#x27;s shadow, attacking me and Mew on the floating island.</p>
<p>As Mew and the others defeat the black figures approaching from the front and back of the spiral staircase and run up, we on the floating island also defeat the attacking figures, reducing their numbers.</p>
<p>&quot;There are a lot of them, but they disappear with one hit, so they&#x27;re not that much of a hassle. How&#x27;s it going, Gantz?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No problem here either! But since my reach is short, I tend to get scratched when I make contact!&quot;</p>
<p>Every time Gantz punches a black figure, it stretches its black arm like rubber, scratching Gantz&#x27;s body.</p>
<p>&quot;The damage itself is small, so automatic recovery is enough!──《Regeneration》!&quot;</p>
<p>To Gantz, Miniz casts an automatic recovery spell, knocking down the approaching figures with her mace.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, guess I&#x27;ll get to it.&quot;</p>
<p>While Tak, Gantz, and Miniz deal with the black figures, Kay heightens the Peryton&#x27;s hostility to draw its attention, and I and Mami-san attack the Peryton in the sky.</p>
<p>&quot;Haa──《Aero Cannon》!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;──《Archery Skill・Single Arrow Stitch》!&quot;</p>
<p>We hinder its actions so it doesn&#x27;t spawn black figures, while maintaining the hate value so that the target doesn&#x27;t shift to Mew and the others.</p>
<p>However, if we gain too much hate when switching roles with Mew and the others, it becomes difficult for Mew and the others to take the target.</p>
<p>Unlike normal enemy MOBs, we need to adjust our attacks.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ve gained too much hate! Yun and Mami, suppress your attacks!&quot;</p>
<p>Detailed instructions fly from Kay, who is receiving the Peryton&#x27;s attacks.</p>
<p>Then, the Peryton, having its attacks received, floats a red-black sphere behind it, preparing to fire a heat ray.</p>
<p>Normally, we would want to attack and cancel the Peryton&#x27;s big move, but gaining too much hate is also bad.</p>
<p>In that situation, I hold my hand over the Peryton.</p>
<p>&quot;《Cursed》──Attack, Intelligence!&quot;</p>
<p>I cast Cursed on the Peryton, and a dark-colored aura falls around the Peryton.</p>
<p>&quot;Just as I thought.&quot;</p>
<p>Most bosses have high stats, so debuffs and status ailments are easily resisted and fail.</p>
<p>However, I thought that the gimmick boss Peryton, which has no HP set, might have low resistance to such debuff skills because it has no HP set.</p>
<p>And immediately after that, Kay easily receives the released heat ray with his shield, suppressing the damage.</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, now&#x27;s the time!&quot;</p>
<p>When the Peryton neighs and enters the motion to summon its black figure minions, a signal comes from Kay.</p>
<p>&quot;Go, go, go!&quot;</p>
<p>I nock an arrow on my longbow and release it towards the Peryton above.</p>
<p>The moment the arrow pierces the Peryton&#x27;s torso, its head drops and its movements become sluggish.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, status ailment arrows are effective too!&quot;</p>
<p>As I predicted earlier, it seems that it has resistance not only to the weakening effect of Cursed, but also to status ailments.</p>
<p>The status ailment of \[Poison], which deals damage because HP is not set, and the status ailments of \[Charm], \[Confusion], and \[Rage], which cause unpredictable movements, cannot be used.</p>
<p>However, the status ailments of \[Paralysis], \[Sleep], and \[Stun] can hinder its actions.</p>
<p>&quot;Tak-san, the gimmick is activated!&quot;</p>
<p>While the Peryton is stopped by \[Sleep], Mew and the others move the first gimmick.</p>
<p>In response, a deep bass sound echoes from the depths of the volcano, the volume of the lava increases, and the floating island rises.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, it&#x27;s shaking quite a bit. Even so, manipulating the lava level is so fantasy-like.&quot;</p>
<p>As I admiringly gazed at the volcano&#x27;s raising and lowering gimmick, the Peryton, recovered from the status ailment arrow I released, swoops down to attack.</p>
<p>&quot;Even while the gimmick is active, the Peryton doesn&#x27;t stop attacking!&quot;</p>
<p>It swoops down from the sky, attacking as if slamming its deer hooves down, which Kay receives by raising his shield.</p>
<p>Then, the Peryton, received by Kay, receives counterattacks from Tak and Gantz from the left and right.</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>We succeed in our counterattack, and the Peryton cries out, kicking off the volcanic rock walls and using the recoil to return to the sky again.</p>
<p>However, the impact of the Peryton&#x27;s hoof slam being received by Kay is transmitted to the entire floating island floating on the lava, and the footing shakes unstably.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh... this is a bit troublesome. Whoa, dangerous!&quot;</p>
<p>I crouch down on the shaking footing and endure, and countless heat rays are released from above.</p>
<p>I, Miniz, and Mami-san are protected by Kay&#x27;s raised shield because Kay was nearby, but Tak and Gantz are outside the range of the shield.</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, this is rough! Miniz!&quot;</p>
<p>While Gantz rolls around to avoid the heat rays even on the unstable footing, Tak receives the heat rays with his body and endures.</p>
<p>&quot;HP is only at 60% remaining. Not a big deal!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Here I go.──《High Heal》!&quot;</p>
<p>Miniz uses recovery magic on Tak, who received the heat rays, and restores his HP.</p>
<p>Immediately after that──</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>&quot;What!? Ugh──&quot;</p>
<p>Immediately after Miniz activated the recovery magic, the Peryton howls, the shadow at Tak&#x27;s feet swells and separates, and merges with the Peryton&#x27;s shadow in the sky.</p>
<p>&quot;Tak&#x27;s HP!&quot;</p>
<p>Tak&#x27;s HP, which had been restored to full, was reduced to 80%.</p>
<p>&quot;...Miniz. Heal one more time.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Got it.──《High Heal》!&quot;</p>
<p>As the light from the second recovery magic enveloped Tak, the Peryton howled in response to that action, and Tak&#x27;s shadow separated again, merging with the Peryton&#x27;s shadow.</p>
<p>&quot;I see. A special action of HP absorption that reacts to recovery actions.&quot;</p>
<p>When Tak takes out and drinks a mega-potion, the Peryton performs HP absorption again.</p>
<p>Apparently, half of the recovered HP is absorbed.</p>
<p>However, it seems that it does not apply to automatic recovery effects such as \[Regeneration] that I cast on Gantz.</p>
<p>&quot;To have the recovered HP absorbed... and the opponent is a boss with no HP, that&#x27;s incredibly futile.&quot;</p>
<p>I mutter that while releasing an arrow synthesized with a status ailment drug in response to the movement to summon black figures again.</p>
<p>In this way, the floating island&#x27;s ascent stops, and Mew and the others emerge from the side tunnel with the raising and lowering gimmick.</p>
<p>&quot;Tak-san, it&#x27;s your turn! Next is our turn!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Mew-chan. Be careful because there&#x27;s HP absorption that reacts to recovery actions!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Understood! Then, I&#x27;ll use recovery magic during the special action motion to investigate the priority of actions! Haaaaaaah──!&quot;</p>
<p>Mew, who ran up the volcanic rock wall and walked in the air, leaped up to the height where the Peryton was, and then slashed at it.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll take the target. I&#x27;m going all out!──《Thunder Storm》!&quot;</p>
<p>While Kohaku releases attacks one after another, Rerei also releases attacks on the Peryton in the same way, but loosens her attacks midway.</p>
<p>&quot;Hehehe, perhaps because we&#x27;re in a volcano, it seems to have fire attribute resistance.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That doesn&#x27;t mean you can slack off!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m just moving efficiently.──《Flame Circle》!&quot;</p>
<p>Rather than attacking the Peryton, Rerei instantly defeats the approaching black figures with an explosion that converges the rings of fire.</p>
<p>&quot;Hehehe, I&#x27;ll erase the black figures, so I&#x27;ll leave the attacks to Mew-san and the others.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Leave it to us, Rerei! Haaaah, one more time!&quot;</p>
<p>Mew scatters light orbs while running up the wall again and slashing at the Peryton.</p>
<p>Toutobi also adds attacks with throwing knives, and Rukato and Hino protect the rear guard Kohaku and Rerei while looking for openings to release long-range arts on the Peryton and gain hate.</p>
<p>I, looking at that scene while climbing the stairs──</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, let&#x27;s find the raising and lowering gimmick too!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Gantz. Before that, there are black figures, you know.&quot;</p>
<p>Even as Tak points that out to Gantz, who is climbing the stairs at the front, the black figure minions appear from the front and back of the stairs to surround us, hindering our progress.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll leave the front to Tak and Gantz. I&#x27;ll deal with the ones coming from behind.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m counting on you for the rear! Yun, use \[Eye of the Sky]&#x27;s night vision and \[Appraisal] to investigate the side tunnel cave! If there&#x27;s a handle and raising and lowering gimmick, please operate it!&quot;</p>
<p>Receiving Tak&#x27;s instructions given in quick succession, I quickly check the side tunnel of the spiral staircase.</p>
<p>&quot;This is a miss!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, next! Miniz and Mami-san, interfere with the Peryton&#x27;s black figure summoning! However, be careful not to attack too much and steal the target from Mew-chan and the others.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If it&#x27;s action obstruction──《Angel Ring》!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Understood.──《Aero Cannon》!&quot;</p>
<p>When a preliminary motion to summon the Peryton&#x27;s black figure is seen, Miniz and Mami-san release magic.</p>
<p>Miniz&#x27;s angel ring restrains the Peryton, stopping its movement, and Mami-san&#x27;s air cannon slams it from the side.</p>
<p>As a result, the Peryton loses its balance, lowers its altitude, and is attacked by Mew and the others, temporarily stopping its movement.</p>
<p>&quot;I found the handle!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The Peryton&#x27;s movement has stopped! Let&#x27;s look for the raising and lowering gimmick while we can!&quot;</p>
<p>The gimmick boss Peryton has no HP set, but it seems that stopping its movement by dealing a certain amount of damage.</p>
<p>During that time, the players facing it will reorganize themselves with potions and search for and advance the raising and lowering gimmick.</p>
<p>&quot;I found it! It&#x27;s the raising and lowering gimmick!&quot;</p>
<p>I match the recovered handle with the hollow of the raising and lowering gimmick and turn it.</p>
<p>The handle is heavy and stiff as if it has been left for many years and rusted.</p>
<p>&quot;Damn it. 《Enchant》──Attack!&quot;</p>
<p>I turn the handle by boosting my own stats with enchantments, and a dull sound echoes again from below, and the floating island is pushed up by the lava.</p>
<p>&quot;The Peryton will start moving soon! It&#x27;s time for an all-out attack to steal the target!&quot;</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>Along with the movement of the raising and lowering gimmick, the Peryton, which had stopped moving, resumes its actions with a high-pitched howl.</p>
<p>&quot;Shut up! Sleep a little more!&quot;</p>
<p>When I release arrows with status ailments such as \[Paralysis], \[Sleep], and \[Stun] on the Peryton, which has recovered from the damage, it seems that its resistance is low, and it is sleeping in the air while weakly lowering its head.</p>
<p>&quot;...What can I say, it&#x27;s surreal. But it&#x27;s convenient! Kay.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Haaaah──《Hate Action》!&quot;</p>
<p>Kay, who jumps onto the floating island, releases a purple wave again, stealing the target from the sleeping Peryton.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, it&#x27;s our turn! Yun onee-chan and Tak-san and the others, do your best!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, when we jump onto the floating island, Mew and the others run up the spiral staircase on the inner wall of the crater as if switching places.</p>
<p>&quot;For now, let&#x27;s go as far as we can with this routine, and then go with the flow.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, isn&#x27;t that just a haphazard, unplanned approach after all?&quot;</p>
<p>We don&#x27;t know what kind of traps or special actions are set up where, but when facing a boss for the first time──especially a gimmick boss──it can&#x27;t be helped that we proceed gropingly.</p>
<p>&quot;Don&#x27;t say that! It&#x27;s coming!&quot;</p>
<p>The Peryton, recovered from the status ailment, looks down on us and attacks by dropping countless feathers along with a threatening cry.</p>
<p>&quot;We can defend against this.──《Wind Shield》!&quot;</p>
<p>We, who are hidden by the double defense of Kay&#x27;s raised shield and Mami-san&#x27;s wind wall, prevent the sharp feather attacks, and resume attacking from a distance.</p>
<p>We attract the unorthodox gimmick boss Peryton, and Mew and the others activate the raising and lowering gimmick in that gap.</p>
<p>In this way, while understanding the situation even though it&#x27;s our first time, the raising and lowering gimmick progresses one step at a time.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
  </body>
</html>
