<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 23</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 23</h1>
    <p>Chapter 5: Central Isolated Island and Pirate Remnants</p>
<p></p>
<p>The central area of the isolated island can be divided into three sections:</p>
<p></p>
<p>*   The vast tropical rainforest area covering about one-third of the island, stretching from the north to the west side of the isolated island.</p>
<p>*   The ruins area on the east side of the isolated island, where the remnants of an old town have been eroded by rivers flowing from the center of the island and mangrove trees.</p>
<p>*   The plateau area on the south side of the isolated island. Climbing up the cliffs, the foot of the volcano towering in the center of the isolated island spreads out, with jagged rocks and stones scattered, likely solidified lava and rocks.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The center of the isolated island consists of the volcano visible from anywhere and these three areas.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I joined the unconventional party with Myuu and Taku and was discussing which of these three areas to start exploring the center of the isolated island from.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The purpose for today is Yun&#x27;s leveling and mining ore-type items, so is it okay to proceed from the south side?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;Agreed!&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Is it okay to decide so easily? You know, what about Myuu and Taku&#x27;s wishes?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>After receiving an explanation of the area divisions in the center of the isolated island in advance, almost everyone agreed to explore from the southern foothills in the planning stage.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The dense forest from the north to the west side has poor visibility and isn&#x27;t suitable for leveling.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>To supplement Taku&#x27;s explanation, Kei explained the existence of annoying gimmicks such as the appearance of blood-sucking mosquitoes and swamps in some places, and that it&#x27;s not suitable for moving in large groups.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The ruins on the east side also require wading through places where water reaches up to your ankles, and there are many submerged ruins, making exploration difficult without specific skills.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Myuu said that, and it seemed they chose to enter from the southern plateau by process of elimination.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Besides, it seems that you can get adamantine, mithril, black iron, laminated charcoal, and molten rock from the collection points on the rocks and ground, which are traces of the volcano&#x27;s lava flow.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I was convinced that it was an area that matched my wishes, and everyone moved to the portal on the south side of the isolated island.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;So, how do we proceed from here?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The south side of the isolated island is a cliff, and in front, you can see the figure of the distant island where we fought the Kraken, and when you look back, the cliff formed by the uplift of the ground blocks the way to the center.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s not impossible to climb if you use the \[Climbing] skill, but...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Only a part of it is uplifted, and if you proceed along the wall, I think there is a place suitable for climbing.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In the midst of this, Taku and Myuu went straight to the left along the rock wall without hesitation.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, is there a place to climb over there?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, there&#x27;s a foothold from when the Pirate King used it. Conversely, there&#x27;s a waterfall on the right side, and the \[Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure] is hidden in the cave behind the waterfall and the waterfall basin, respectively.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Huh,&quot; I said in admiration, following Myuu and Taku, and there was indeed a foothold made of wood.</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, the color of the wood was stained grayish-brown, weathered by wind and rain over many years, and the foothold creaked as Myuu and Taku climbed it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ugh... this is&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Looking up at the foothold made to climb the rock wall of about 50 meters high, I involuntarily stepped back and flinched.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan, it&#x27;s okay. Here, grab my hand if you&#x27;re worried.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;...I&#x27;m okay. I&#x27;ll support you if you&#x27;re about to fall.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I was pulled by Minuet and Toutobi and climbed the wooden foothold from the Pirate King&#x27;s era with trepidation.</p>
<p></p>
<p>On the foothold without handrails, with each step becoming cautious due to the strong wind from the sea, everyone climbed the creaking foothold with a familiar look.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun Onee-chan, you&#x27;re slow~&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;W-Well, it can&#x27;t be helped! This height is a little scary after all!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The momentum of falling can be weakened with the \[Telekinesis] skill&#x27;s *Kinesis*, but I still feel scared on the unstable foothold.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, after climbing the creaking foothold, there was a plateau where you could see the volcano in front of you, as Taku said.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;This is the center of the isolated island area... somehow, the atmosphere of the area has changed and it&#x27;s amazing!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Until now, I had imagined a tropical rainforest when I heard the center of the isolated island, but I raised a voice of admiration at the scenery spreading on the plateau on the south side of the center of the island, after climbing the cliff.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The plateau was covered with green grasslands, with rocks as mining points, tropical plants, and succulents like aloe and cacti growing in places.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, I think there were dilapidated huts found as objects, right?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Considering that people lived in the eastern ruins, wasn&#x27;t this a ranch established by pirates?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I was impressed by Reley and Kohaku&#x27;s conversation, wondering if there was such a historical trace in this scenery.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And, with the passage of time, the pirates disappeared, the eastern ruins were submerged, and now only the fishing village of the NPCs on the north side of the isolated island&#x27;s outer edge remains inhabited.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I thought the center of the island would be more like a demon realm because it&#x27;s said to be more difficult&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I muttered and looked around for visible enemy MOBs, but I felt a somewhat idyllic atmosphere.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, let&#x27;s go around this plateau again, leveling up and collecting materials.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Taku said that and started walking, laughing happily.</p>
<p></p>
<p>This plateau is interspersed with active and non-active MOBs.</p>
<p></p>
<p>There are groups of lizard-type MOBs called Rizo Geckos that spit mud bullets all at once when approached, and crocodile-type MOBs called Bandit Alligators that are leisurely sunbathing on the rocks of the mining points.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In addition, there are Blade Lizard subspecies that mimic rocks and tackle you fiercely by rotating when you get close.</p>
<p></p>
<p>This one appears as a minor change version of the boss MOB in the suburbs near the first town.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Yun. There&#x27;s an enemy! Fight with all your might!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I know. Ryui, Zakuro──\[Summon] \[Possession]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I summoned the familiar MOBs Ryui and Zakuro from the summoning stones, and Zakuro possessed me as is.</p>
<p></p>
<p>By Zakuro possessing me, fox ears stand on my head, and three tails grow from my waist, pushing up the hoodie I wear over my swimsuit.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, hey, Yun Onee-chan. What&#x27;s happening at the hairline? There aren&#x27;t any holes in your swimsuit, right?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, I&#x27;m curious too!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Myuu, Reley! Don&#x27;t pull on the hoodie and try to check the base of the tail! It&#x27;s embarrassing!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I held down the hoodie being pulled by both hands, and the three tails of the possessed Zakuro moved freely, pushing back Myuu and Reley.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, don&#x27;t play around, Yun is going to fight. We&#x27;ll take turns fighting, and while we&#x27;re fighting, Yun will focus on attack. When Myuu-chan and the others are fighting, focus on support.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Understood.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Normally, if multiple parties fight the same MOB, a \[Joint Battle Penalty] occurs.</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, in the case of support and auxiliary skills such as recovery magic and enchantments, the \[Joint Battle Penalty] does not occur even if they are applied to other parties during battle.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Using that specification, Myuu and her party are fighting, and I am actively enchanting to level up.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, let&#x27;s go. \[Space-Time Enchant]──Attack, Defense, Speed!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I applied triple enchantments to the four of us, Taku, Gantz, Kei, and me, and aimed my longbow at the Blade Lizard subspecies, which was the first target.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;──\[Long-Range Shot]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The arrow pierced the Blade Lizard subspecies, which was camouflaged as a rock, in response to the shot to attract the enemy MOB.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The camouflage was released by attacking from here, and it rolled on the ground towards us.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll defend with the defensive power of this adamantine! ──\[Fortress]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Kei is not wearing armor to adapt to the tropical environment of the isolated island area, but the sword and shield he holds in both hands are all made of adamantine.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The rotation of the Blade Lizard subspecies is repelled by the shield, and Kei&#x27;s raised sword is swung down on its head.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Furthermore, Taku and Gantz, approaching in arcs from the left and right, and Ryui pursue.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Haa──\[Sonic Edge]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;──\[Ogre Hunting Kick]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Minuet releases a recovery skill, and Mami and I observe the gaps and inflict damage with long-range attack skills.</p>
<p></p>
<p>A year ago, we struggled against the boss Blade Lizard, but even if it was strengthened as a subspecies, the Blade Lizard that appeared as a general MOB was defeated in an instant.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, it&#x27;s our turn next. Yun Onee-chan, please.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Okay. \[Space-Time Enchant]──Attack, Defense, Speed!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I applied triple enchantments to Myuu and the others, and next we fight the lizard group.</p>
<p></p>
<p>While maintaining a certain distance, Myuu and the others avoid the mud bullets fired by the lizards and close the distance to attack.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Myuu-san, Hino-san, now&#x27;s the time!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hino-chan, I&#x27;ll reduce the number!──\[Fifth Breaker]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;One by one, surely.──\[Grand Hammer]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, we defeat them one by one, the enemy MOB disappears, and we switch with us again.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Next, Yun, fight with magic skills as well.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Understood.──\[Bomb]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>This time, using the targeting ability of \[Sky Eye], I use a space explosion to hit the Bandit Alligator sleeping on the rock of the mining point and start fighting.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Myuu and Taku&#x27;s parties take turns fighting, and I perform various combat-type skill actions centered on my \[Taming] skill, accumulating experience points.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Haaa──\[Icicle Lance]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Kohaku opens her fan and creates and releases ice spears as if fanning the wind.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The amber accessory with a butterfly tied to the decorative string at the rivet of the fan was swaying.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Kohaku. How&#x27;s the accessory?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, it&#x27;s good. I feel like the power of the attack skill has increased by 10%. And I feel like the durability of defensive skills like \[Icicle Rock] and \[Ice Wall] has increased.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s good.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan got a new accessory made? I&#x27;m jealous. I wonder if I should ask for something too.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, I&#x27;ll give you advice when you come to \[Atelier] next time.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Really!? Then, I&#x27;ll go again next time.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>During the leveling, I asked Kohaku about the condition of her accessory, and talked with Minuet, who seemed envious, and continued hunting peacefully.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Furthermore, we went around the plateau, mined ore-type items such as adamantine, mithril, and various attribute metals from the rocks of the mining points, dug up the hidden places of the treasure drawn on the \[Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map] that everyone had, and collected the treasures.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun. How&#x27;s your level going up?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Um, wait a minute.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I was asked by Taku and checked the skills I was equipping.</p>
<p></p>
<p>SP skill points possessed: 36</p>
<p></p>
<p>\[Magic Bow Lv33] \[Sky Eye Lv36] \[Discernment Lv46] \[Great Strength Lv10] \[Nimble Feet Lv37] \[Magic Mastery Lv40]</p>
<p></p>
<p>\[Earth Attribute Talent Lv25] \[Enchanter Lv18] \[Telekinesis Lv18] \[Taming Lv48] \[Chef Lv24] \[Stealth Lv8]</p>
<p></p>
<p>Reserve</p>
<p></p>
<p>\[Bow Lv55] \[Longbow Lv45] \[Pharmacist Lv32] \[Accessory Maker Lv10] \[Alchemy Lv13] \[Swimming Lv25]</p>
<p></p>
<p>\[Linguistics Lv28] \[Mountaineering Lv21] \[Production Job Basics Lv37] \[Physical Resistance Lv5] \[Mental Resistance Lv15]</p>
<p></p>
<p>\[Vital Spot Basics Lv16] \[Preemptive Strike Basics Lv18] \[Fishing Lv10]</p>
<p></p>
<p>Overall, the level of combat-type skills is increasing.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I think the level is going up. The \[Taming] skill seems to be reaching level 50 soon.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Then, let&#x27;s move to a place with stronger enemies and fight.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Change enemies?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Kyuu~?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I tilted my head, the three tails of the possessed Zakuro tilted to the right, following suit.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Even if it&#x27;s the center of the same isolated island, this is still a shallow part. There are places where stronger MOBs appear if you go further in.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I was reluctant to go further in after Taku&#x27;s explanation.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I think I want to rest before that. I also want to organize my items.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I suggested that, Myuu and the others agreed because they were a little tired.</p>
<p></p>
<p>We decided to defeat the active MOBs near the collection point and create a safe zone to rest until they respawned.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I canceled the \[Possession] with Zakuro and collected the materials from the collection point.</p>
<p></p>
<p>One is a succulent plant similar to aloe──\[Arena Leaf Flesh], which has the effect of granting \[Heat Resistance], and when combined with \[Cool Drink] made from Hakuga leaves, the effect is increased, and when added to fire attribute \[Attribute Ointment], the effect of \[Fire Attribute Resistance] seems to increase.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The other is a succulent plant similar to a wide, thornless cactus──\[Chihuahua Leaf Flesh], which seems to be an edible ingredient and grants the effect of SPEED increase when used in cooking.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, after securing a safe zone, we sat on the plateau, which was a tilted slope, and felt the gentle wind from the south while taking out snacks and tea and nibbling on them.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>While everyone was resting in a corner of the plateau, I was organizing the items in my inventory.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The materials I got are various ores, Arena Leaf Flesh and Chihuahua Leaf Flesh, and drop items from enemy MOBs, jewels from the Pirate King&#x27;s dud treasure chests...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>While confirming the materials in the inventory, I summarized the accumulated jewels to the maximum size with the \[Alchemy] skill&#x27;s *Superior Conversion* skill.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ah, Yun Onee-chan. What are you doing?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hmm? I&#x27;m processing the jewels into materials because they&#x27;ve gathered...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I activated the EX extra skill \[Magical Power Imbuement] on the maximum size jewels created with the \[Alchemy] skill.</p>
<p></p>
<p>While consuming more MP than usual, the jewels in my hand shone, and they absorbed enough MP to transform into magic jewels.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Phew, it&#x27;s hard to make these.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I drank an MP pot and, when my MP was restored, I performed \[Magical Power Imbuement] on another maximum size jewel and transformed it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun Onee-chan. That jewel is bigger than the ones you usually use for magic gems, but are you going to use it for magic gems too?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I can enchant up to intermediate magic, but I&#x27;m exploring other uses...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Starting with the magic jewel that was accidentally created at first, I&#x27;ve been steadily increasing the number with the same procedure, but the usage is not decided at all.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I once asked the \[Enchantment] skill holders of the guild \[Yaoyorozu] for cooperation in enchanting.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As a result of investigating what scale of skills can be enchanted, advanced skills could not be enchanted, but intermediate skills could be *Skill Enchanted*.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In the case of enchanting intermediate skills, arrows made of all metal made of \[Meteorite Steel] are superior in terms of effort and material cost than magic jewels.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Eh, you&#x27;re not going to make this into a magic gem? You&#x27;re not going to throw it and make it explode?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;No, I can, but... if you&#x27;re just going to deal damage, throwing multiple \[Bomb] magic gems is more damaging with the chain bonus than \[Explosion].&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I answered that, Myuu puffed out her cheeks a little unhappily.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Then, what are you going to use it for?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s why I&#x27;m exploring it. If I were to use it, it would be when I raise the level of the \[Earth Attribute Talent] skill and acquire a new skill.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>New enchantment candidates for earth magic would be defensive \[Stone Wall], binding \[Sand Bind], and the support MOB summoning \[Summon Little Golem].</p>
<p></p>
<p>Other range-type or high-power magic are activated from the enchanted item, so there is a possibility that the attack will scatter indiscriminately in all directions.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Then, let&#x27;s level up so that those skills can be enchanted! I&#x27;m looking forward to it.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, yeah. I&#x27;m also raising the level of the \[Taming] skill, so don&#x27;t expect too much.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I smiled wryly and completed another magic jewel.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Really. If it&#x27;s this big, it could be used for materials like the \[Magic Amulet Barrier Fragment] you made before, and you could even put two types of magic enchantments in it, right?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Myuu, who was staring at the work, muttered a casual word, and I stopped working and stared back at Myuu.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Eh, um... what, Yun Onee-chan?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;After all, Myuu could have become a good production worker. I hadn&#x27;t thought about the possibility Myuu mentioned. I&#x27;ll try the idea right away.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I took out a synthesis array for synthesizing three types of items and placed the materials on it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The recipe for the \[Magic Amulet Barrier Fragment], which nullifies magical attacks below a certain level, was made by synthesizing three types of silver metal pieces, holy water, and jewels.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As a development of that, I placed mithril metal pieces, holy water, and magic jewels that were left over when making lures for the Shichifuku and executed the \[Synthesis] skill.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As a result──</p>
<p></p>
<p>Magic Amulet Barrier Stone \[Consumable]</p>
<p></p>
<p>Advanced Magic Nullification (Number of times: 1)</p>
  </body>
</html>
