<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 12</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 12</h1>
    <p>Prologue: New Sweets and Dark Merchants</p>
<p></p>
<p>That day, after logging into OSO, I was waiting in the plaza in front of the cathedral.</p>
<p>I arrived a little earlier than the appointed time, and Emily showed up right on schedule.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-kun, did I keep you waiting?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Not at all. More importantly, I&#x27;m really looking forward to today.&quot;</p>
<p>When I replied to Emily&#x27;s words, she smiled softly.</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, me too. I&#x27;m really looking forward to it.&quot;</p>
<p>The conversation between Emily and me sounded like a date between a couple, but in reality, there was no romance involved.</p>
<p>&quot;I wonder when he&#x27;ll get here?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;He&#x27;s usually punctual, so I don&#x27;t think he&#x27;ll be late. Look—&quot;</p>
<p>As we waited, the last member of our group weaved his way through the other players towards us.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun and Emily, I&#x27;m here.&quot;</p>
<p>Normally, Tak would show up for a meeting with other players with a bright expression, but today he looked rather gloomy.</p>
<p>The reason was…</p>
<p>&quot;Today, Tak-kun is treating us to the new sweets at 【Comnes Tea Tea &amp; Dress Shop】.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;And on the way back, I&#x27;ll need you to buy souvenirs for Liuyi and Zakuro.&quot;</p>
<p>When Emily and I said that, Tak&#x27;s shoulders slumped and he sighed heavily.</p>
<p>&quot;Can&#x27;t you guys go a little easy on me? The new sweets at Comnes Tea are really expensive, you know.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No way, you need to suffer a little to learn your lesson, Tak-kun.&quot;</p>
<p>I chuckled at Emily&#x27;s rather harsh words, while Tak looked disgruntled.</p>
<p>&quot;Come on, you&#x27;re surrounded by beautiful women, so don&#x27;t make such a sour face and walk properly!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. We&#x27;re going to eat sweets after all… wait, Emily, can you stop treating me like a girl so casually?!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, but you can choose sweets that are a little hard to pick in real life.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh… that&#x27;s kind of tempting… but that&#x27;s not the point!&quot;</p>
<p>Hearing the exchange between Emily and me, Tak chuckled and straightened his slumped posture.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The whole thing started during the school event that took place from June to July in the real world—the final exams.</p>
<p>The results of those exams determined whether we would have to attend supplementary classes or receive extra homework during summer vacation.</p>
<p>&quot;Shun, Endou! Teach me how to study for the test!&quot;</p>
<p>Considering the study time needed for the final exams and the potential time lost due to supplementary classes and extra assignments, Tak asked us for help with test preparation.</p>
<p>As a result of Emily and I providing test preparation in our respective areas of expertise—he successfully avoided failing grades and even improved his ranking to the top 10 in the class.</p>
<p>And today, as a thank you, we were planning to have Tak treat us to the new sweets created by pâtissier Fiol at 【Comnes Tea Tea &amp; Dress Shop】.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Seriously, go easy on me. I have something I want to buy after treating you guys.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Tak, is there something you wanted to buy?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll tell you about it at the cafe, along with some information about the recent developments in OSO.&quot;</p>
<p>When I asked, Tak replied.</p>
<p>Indeed, Emily and I, who had been focusing on the final exams, had refrained from logging into OSO.</p>
<p>It wasn&#x27;t that we hadn&#x27;t logged in at all, but we hadn&#x27;t been able to keep up with the movements and information of the players in OSO for about two weeks, so we were getting him to tell us about it in return for the treat.</p>
<p>&quot;Excuse me. I&#x27;ll have the mango pudding, chocolate banana cake, and iced tea.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll have the tropical fruit jelly, coconut pound cake, and tea with dried mango as an option.&quot;</p>
<p>Tak, Emily, and I arrived at 【Comnes Tea Tea &amp; Dress Shop】, owned by Claude, were led to a table, and promptly ordered the new sweets.</p>
<p>&quot;You guys are mercilessly ordering sweets that cost 150,000 G a piece—I&#x27;ll just have the gateau chocolat and coffee milk.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Understood—&quot;</p>
<p>While Tak&#x27;s shoulders slumped, the waitress NPC took our orders and brought our items.</p>
<p>Then, Tak, Emily, and I each took a sip of our drinks that were prepared first.</p>
<p>&quot;Mmm, the iced tea is cold and delicious.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This tea with dried mango is delicious too. If you soak it for a while, the dried mango softens and becomes easier to eat.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, that tea looks good too. I&#x27;ll order it when I get a refill.&quot;</p>
<p>After a while, the main sweets arrived, and we each savored a bite.</p>
<p>&quot;Delicious, as expected of Fiol-san. And since it&#x27;s fruit from the isolated island area, it also has stat-boosting effects.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I can see why it&#x27;s worth 150,000 G a piece. Let&#x27;s get some coconut pound cake for souvenirs later.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I think I&#x27;ll get some banana chips. Oh, they found cacao on the isolated island, so there are chocolate sweets too.&quot;</p>
<p>Emily and I ate our sweets amicably.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, players who happened to be in the cafe—&quot;Tch, what&#x27;s with him drinking coffee so elegantly while surrounded by beautiful women!&quot; &quot;Not only does he have his three childhood friends, but now he&#x27;s on a date with a cool, intelligent beauty.&quot; &quot;I heard them say they were treating him as a thank you for helping with test prep. What a riajuu, explode!&quot;</p>
<p>We heard such muttering here and there in the cafe and looked around to see if there were any players gossiping, but we couldn&#x27;t find anyone, so we tilted our heads.</p>
<p>I figured it was probably a murmur in response to a screenshot sent via friend communication, so I continued to enjoy my sweets.</p>
<p>After enjoying the new tropical sweets, Emily and I ordered refills of our tea and turned to face Tak again.</p>
<p>&quot;So, can you tell us about what&#x27;s been happening in OSO?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, what happened while we were busy with the test period is that the number of players reaching the isolated island area has increased quite a bit.&quot;</p>
<p>Currently, the trend in OSO is the isolated island area beyond the sea.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s a tropical area set on an isolated island, and there&#x27;s a treasure hunting element called 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】.</p>
<p>Starting with the group breakthrough of the sea area by multiple guilds and parties last month, the method of crossing the sea has gradually become more refined.</p>
<p>&quot;To explain what happened in chronological order—the 【Production Guild】 created a transport ship and became able to transport players from the coastal area to the isolated island, but Emily probably knows more about this.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. I was helping out, so I&#x27;ve heard the results.&quot;</p>
<p>Using a mechanism that used the Aqua Gel, a synthetic MOB that I accidentally created, as propulsion, Magi-san, Riri, and Emily were jointly developing a ship.</p>
<p>I knew that Emily was creating the synthetic MOB Aqua Gel to generate propulsion, but the last time I checked, it was for small ships such as boats and jet skis.</p>
<p>&quot;I see. A large ship was completed. Congratulations, Emily.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hehe, thank you. But all I did was prepare the MOB, and the rest was left to the 【Production Guild】.&quot;</p>
<p>When I gave Emily my congratulations, she smiled shyly.</p>
<p>Then, Tak told us about the developments in OSO over the past two weeks that we hadn&#x27;t been able to keep up with, now that the transport ship was complete.</p>
<p>&quot;The 【Production Guild】 created the transport ship and set a reasonable fare to transport players to the isolated island. Of course, due to the sea area breakthrough system, the difficulty becomes too high if you carry a large number of people, so they considered the balance of the number of passengers.&quot;</p>
<p>Instead, the three transport ships that were put into operation were equipped with Karakuri magic dolls customized by Magi-san to act as guards and pilots, and the decks were equipped with fixed mechanical bows mass-produced by Riri.</p>
<p>As a result, it became possible to break through the sea area without players present, and it was even enjoyed as a kind of cruising attraction.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s a bit unexpected.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m hearing about that for the first time. Well, there&#x27;s a precedent for such area breakthrough methods.&quot;</p>
<p>On the north side of the first town, there is a towering cliff, and in the middle of the cliff, there is a cave leading to the plateau area.</p>
<p>Normally, players would acquire skills such as 【Mountaineering】 to reach it, but players who didn&#x27;t have time to acquire the skills used disposable flying synthetic MOBs to break through.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, as a result of the increase in the number of players reaching the isolated island area, the demand for equipment with heat resistance has increased.&quot;</p>
<p>At the stalls, clothing production jobs were creating swimwear every day, and swimwear was also displayed in a special corner of the clothing store in this 【Comnes Tea Tea &amp; Dress Shop】.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, it&#x27;s going to be summer soon, and the demand for swimwear is increasing for leisure reasons.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I see…&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, that&#x27;s to be expected.&quot;</p>
<p>Emily and I were convinced by Tak&#x27;s explanation, and just as Tak was about to tell us the last thing related to the isolated island, a friend communication came in, stopping the conversation.</p>
<p>&quot;Well—a friend communication message. Since it&#x27;s a good opportunity, should we go take a look?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Go take a look, where?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The rumored site.&quot;</p>
<p>With that, Tak drained the rest of his coffee and left his seat at the cafe.</p>
<p>Emily and I received the sweets for souvenirs that we had ordered in advance from the waitress NPC and stored them in our inventories.</p>
<p>Then, Tak paid the bill at the cafe, confirming the large amount and slumping his shoulders.</p>
<p></p>
<p>　　　　●</p>
<p></p>
<p>After leaving 【Comnes Tea Tea &amp; Dress Shop】, we moved to 【Labyrinth City】 using the transfer object portal, guided by Tak.</p>
<p>Then, we arrived in front of the 【Stargate】, a ring-shaped object that generates areas by combining special items called 【Symbols】 that were added to 【Labyrinth City】 in the semi-anniversary update.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, this time the symbols should be—【Sunny】, 【Beast】, and 【Forest】 in that order.&quot;</p>
<p>Tak selected the symbols for the 【Stargate】 and began generating the area.</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Tak. Can you tell us what&#x27;s going on?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s the fun part after we go through here. Come on, let&#x27;s go!&quot;</p>
<p>When I asked, Tak urged Emily and me to enter the 【Stargate】.</p>
<p>While Emily and I were dubious, we went through the ring of the 【Stargate】 and found ourselves in a normal forest area.</p>
<p>However, in the plaza directly in front of the 【Stargate】, multiple players had opened stalls, and players looking for stalls were gathering to see the products.</p>
<p>&quot;Tak-kun, what is this?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;—It&#x27;s a group of black market stall merchants. They used to hold events irregularly in the back alleys of each town, but recently they&#x27;ve been opening stalls in the 【Stargate】 area. They send the symbol code of the event area to their acquaintances all at once using the friend communication message function.&quot;</p>
<p>As Tak explained to us, he approached one of the stalls and greeted the black market merchant player with dreadlocks and sunglasses.</p>
<p>It was a player I had met when I was looking for a guild certificate, and they recognized me as well.</p>
<p>After I lightly greeted them, Emily and I peered into the items at the stall.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map】.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right, as a result of advancing to the isolated island area, 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Maps】 have started to be resold. This black market stall is quite reasonable, so I guided you here.&quot;</p>
<p>According to Tak, it was predicted that treasure maps and 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 would be lined up at stalls when the 【Production Guild】&#x27;s player transport by transport ship was established.</p>
<p>During the re-implementation of the 【Stargate】, the 【Resale Guild】 unfairly raised the price of 【Symbol】 items.</p>
<p>In order to avoid a repeat of that situation, Magi-san and the others sent stall merchant players closely related to the 【Production Guild】 to the isolated island area.</p>
<p>As a result, it seems that they created a foundation for preventing monopolies and encouraging price competition for such game-produced items.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, that&#x27;s why the prices are stable now.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, I see. Well, it&#x27;s certainly helpful to be able to buy the maps you want individually rather than buying random maps at the map shop. Oh, this map is cheap.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Really. I think I&#x27;ll buy one too, you can buy these numbers for less than 200,000 G.&quot;</p>
<p>Emily and I checked the treasure maps numbered 1 to 100 at the stall.</p>
<p>The smaller the number of the map, the higher the difficulty of obtaining the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】, so the price tends to be higher.</p>
<p>However, treasure maps with high difficulty and not yet cleared have a price of 500,000 G, including the expected value, due to the unknown performance of the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 that can be obtained.</p>
<p>Conversely, popular maps with known 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 are priced at 1,500,000 G per map.</p>
<p>And unpopular 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Maps】 with large map numbers and known item performance are priced at 200,000 G or less.</p>
<p>Even so, if you find a treasure chest, you can get gold items, material items, and money in addition to the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】, so if you don&#x27;t consider the trouble of treasure hunting, you can recover the map fee of 200,000 G.</p>
<p>&quot;Maps over number 80 are quite cheap. Why is that?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Maps around that number are low in difficulty, but it&#x27;s often troublesome to collect the treasure. For example, treasure chests that sink to the bottom of the sea, or MOBs that are holding treasure chests and moving around within the map&#x27;s range. Or the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 itself is unpopular.&quot;</p>
<p>The black market merchant player with dreadlocks and sunglasses explained, and Emily and I were convinced.</p>
<p>&quot;I see, you need special skill senses like 【Swimming】, interesting. It&#x27;s cheaper than buying at the map shop, so I think I&#x27;ll buy all the maps from number 80 to 100.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I think I&#x27;ll search the waterside with Letia and the others. Please give me the waterside maps for now.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;You two are buying in bulk all of a sudden. Here are the maps you requested!&quot;</p>
<p>With that, I bought the maps from the dreadlocked black market merchant player, and they were quite cheap at an average of 100,000 G per map.</p>
<p>&quot;And Tak-san, I got that thing you asked for.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then, I&#x27;ll buy it at the asking price. But since I just treated Yun and the others to new sweets, I might not have enough money for the second map.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If you sell your rare sword collection to us, we can quickly find a buyer and turn it into money.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I won&#x27;t part with my sword collection. So how much is it per map?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;2,500,000 G for the first and 2,000,000 G for the second. Well, since you brought new customers, I&#x27;ll give you a special price of 1,800,000 G this time.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I barely had enough. I&#x27;ll take it.&quot;</p>
<p>With that, Tak and the dreadlocked black market merchant exchanged words as if making a suspicious deal and completed the sale of the treasure map.</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Tak. What&#x27;s that map?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm? It&#x27;s 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map】 number 42. I want the 【Gale Scimitar】 weapon that you can get with this map, so I ordered it.&quot;</p>
<p>As he said that, Tak received two maps of the same number.</p>
<p>Tak is a dual-wielding swordsman-style player, so he seems to be trying to get two 【Gale Scimitars】 so he can equip them in both hands.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, that&#x27;s about it for what&#x27;s changed in OSO recently.&quot;</p>
<p>With that, Tak turned around to face Emily and me, putting away the treasure map.</p>
<p>&quot;Thanks for all the information. I understand it well.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Thank you for telling me about the black market stall. I&#x27;ll try to make use of it.&quot;</p>
<p>Emily and I registered as friends with the dreadlocked black market merchant, just like Tak, so that they would notify us of the location of the next black market stall.</p>
<p>This way, the next time the black market stall is held, they should notify us of the symbol code of the location with a friend communication message.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s nothing to teach you about OSO. I was the one who was helped by your test preparation. So what are you two going to do after this? Are you going to look for the treasure on that map as is?&quot;</p>
<p>Tak also thanked us and asked about our plans for the future.</p>
<p>He was probably thinking of moving to the isolated island area and searching for treasure with the three of us, but Emily and I declined.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m good. I want to spend some time alone.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m going to ask the black market merchants more about the recent material items.&quot;</p>
<p>When Emily and I explained our reasons, Tak smiled wryly and nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>&quot;Then, I&#x27;ll invite Gantz and go look for the 【Gale Scimitar】. See ya.&quot;</p>
<p>And so, we parted ways on the spot for our respective purposes.</p>
  </body>
</html>
