<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 13</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 13</h1>
    <p># Chapter 1: Whirlpools and the Underwater Mausoleum</p>
<p></p>
<p>The searing sun beat down on the west coast of the isolated island area.</p>
<p>I was on a pier built near the &quot;Beach House&quot; No. 2, a rest stop belonging to the guild [OSO Fishing Cooperative].</p>
<p>Wearing a swimsuit and a sun-shielding hoodie, I lounged under a parasol, using an Aqua Gel, a water-attribute synthetic MOB, as a cushion, relaxing with Liui and Zakuro.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, this sea breeze feels great.&quot;</p>
<p>I occasionally checked the rod holder securing my fishing rod on the pier, squinting my eyes at the pleasant wind from the sea.</p>
<p>When the rod reacted, I lightly lifted it to check what was caught on the hook.</p>
<p>&quot;This time it&#x27;s… [Seaside Caviar]. It&#x27;ll be a material for [Breathing Potion].&quot;</p>
<p>I muttered, removing the seaweed item from the hook.</p>
<p>As you can see, I was simply fishing.</p>
<p>Recently, I had been searching the outer perimeter of the isolated island area, based on the [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map] I bought cheaply from a black market player.</p>
<p>The closer you get to the center of the island, the stronger the enemy MOBs become, and the higher the difficulty of the trials for the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].</p>
<p>So, I was only searching for the easy treasures on the outer perimeter of the island, collecting gem-type items as byproducts of the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].</p>
<p>Extra-large gems could be transformed into items called [Magic Gems] by using the EX extra skill [Magical Enchantment].</p>
<p>I didn&#x27;t know how to use [Magic Gems] yet, and I had been unable to investigate them thoroughly due to the real-world test period.</p>
<p>Therefore, I was collecting gem-type items for research purposes while casually searching for treasure.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm, the remaining treasures on my maps are either party-oriented quests or underwater ones.&quot;</p>
<p>Now that I had gathered gems for [Magic Gem] research, I decided to put aside the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure], which was difficult for me to obtain alone, and enjoy some sea fishing.</p>
<p>Occasionally, along with fish, I would catch [Treasure Maps] or sea material items carried by the tide, and fish-type items were surprisingly useful.</p>
<p>The poisonous fish [Marfugu], which carries a paralyzing poison, would be eagerly devoured if thrown at carnivorous MOBs, inflicting the [Paralysis 3] status ailment, making it a natural paralyzing agent.</p>
<p>The large fish [Nishinmodoki], which is not suitable for consumption, can be dried, powdered, and mixed with various materials to create fertilizer for fields.</p>
<p>The beautiful blue fish [Aome] is delicious to eat, but the fish oil extracted from it, [Aome Oil], can enhance the effects of pill-type items when mixed with them.</p>
<p>For example, adding just a small amount of [Aome Oil] to the medicinal herbs and [Lava Bear Gallbladder] used in the [Ogre&#x27;s Miracle Pill] can increase its effectiveness by up to 1.2 times, and the recovery limit from SP (Sense Points) acquisition is relaxed by one level.</p>
<p>Because such useful materials can be obtained, I leisurely enjoy fishing while confirming the uses of the materials in the [Intermediate Pharmacist Technical Manual], which is a recipe book for compounding.</p>
<p>Of course, the edible fish that I catch can be eaten, so they are also useful in that way.</p>
<p>As I was spending my time like that, I heard footsteps approaching the pier, so I closed my book and looked up.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, are you fishing? You&#x27;re really working hard!&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku, the guild master of the [OSO Fishing Cooperative], walked along the pier, checking his harpoon and the goggles on his head.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m going to defeat some sea fish and shellfish MOBs. If I happen to find any [Coral Trees], I&#x27;ll bring them back as souvenirs.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Thanks. Well, take the usual stuff with you.&quot;</p>
<p>From my inventory, I handed Shichifuku a set of 30 [Night Vision Cream], which grants night vision, and [Breathing Potion], which grants underwater breathing.</p>
<p>Shichifuku, who specializes in underwater activities, needs underwater support items, but due to the limited demand, there are few creators.</p>
<p>In exchange for me providing underwater support items, Shichifuku obtains sea materials while free diving and gives them to me.</p>
<p>Among those sea materials, I particularly want a material called [Coral Tree], a pale pink coral tree.</p>
<p>Even in the waters near the isolated island, [Coral Trees] grow quietly on the deep seabed where powerful aquatic MOBs roam.</p>
<p>As for its uses, it can be powdered to make an antidote, and it can be polished into a gemstone.</p>
<p>In addition, accessories made from this material have an added effect of [Poison Resistance (Very Small)], and it has been found that by adding multiple enhancement materials related to [Poison Resistance], the added effect can be changed to the higher-level [Deadly Poison Resistance (Small)].</p>
<p>Currently, the only group that can stably collect the [Coral Trees], which are excellent as accessories and compounding materials for OSO, is the underwater-specialized guild [OSO Fishing Cooperative].</p>
<p>Therefore, I provide them with underwater support items and have them give me priority in trading.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, I&#x27;m off.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, see you later.&quot;</p>
<p>As I watched Shichifuku dive into the sea, I pulled up the fishing rod that had reacted, and a new fish was caught.</p>
<p>As I was relaxing like that, I saw a ship carrying players approaching from the north side of the isolated island.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s the transport ship, huh? It&#x27;s like a ferry.&quot;</p>
<p>The number of passengers wasn&#x27;t large, but the transport ship, which propelled itself forward by spewing water with a MOB-style engine, was steered by Karakuri Magical Dolls. It landed on the west coast and unloaded the players it was carrying.</p>
<p>&quot;This is the final stop, Isolated Island, West Side, in front of the Beach House. Thank you for your cooperation in the [Pirate Extermination Operation]. We look forward to your next visit.&quot;</p>
<p>One of the Karakuri Magical Dolls announced the arrival, and players with bright expressions disembarked from the ship.</p>
<p>Considering the size of the ship and the combat on board, it seemed that the number of players transported at one time was about one party.</p>
<p>There seemed to be extra space on the ship, but if the number of people breaking through the sea area was small, the difficulty of the [Pirate Extermination Operation] quest when arriving at the sea area and the isolated island would also be lower.</p>
<p>The players who had finished such a low-difficulty battle were dropped off in front of the [Beach House] by the transport ship&#x27;s guidance, and the transport ship, having unloaded all the players, disappeared into particles of light.</p>
<p>The transport ship and the Karakuri Magical Dolls that controlled it were treated as items, so after moving to the isolated island area, they would be returned to the designated location on the coastal area to wait for the next passengers.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s like a fantasy… Oh, the rod&#x27;s pulling again.&quot;</p>
<p>As I muttered, I pulled up the fishing rod and this time pulled up a treasure map that was drifting in a bottle.</p>
<p>&quot;This is the 10th [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map], huh? Treasure maps are slowly accumulating while I&#x27;m fishing.&quot;</p>
<p>A considerable number of new treasure maps had accumulated, and I was thinking of going to search for them again soon when I spotted a familiar figure approaching over the sea.</p>
<p>&quot;Kyukyu!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p>When Zakuro chirped, the plesiosaur that heard Zakuro&#x27;s call turned towards us and returned the call in the same way, slowly changing its course towards us.</p>
<p>That plesiosaur—the water dragon Uzuki—was carrying Retia and Retia&#x27;s familiar MOBs, the Milbird Natsu and the Rana-Bug Kisaragi, on its back.</p>
<p>&quot;Retia, it&#x27;s been a while.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, hello. I&#x27;m hungry…&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, okay. I&#x27;ll give you some of the fish I caught.&quot;</p>
<p>I took out the fish for ingredients, excluding the materials used for potions, from the bucket and handed them to Retia.</p>
<p>&quot;Thank you… Well, shall we eat right away? Raw.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;d be troubled if you started gnawing on raw fish in front of me.&quot;</p>
<p>When I gave her a pointed look, Retia laughed softly, saying it was a joke.</p>
<p>However, feeling slightly uneasy, I handed Retia several cooked food items and told her to ask the members of the [OSO Fishing Cooperative] to cook the raw fish.</p>
<p>&quot;Kyukyu!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p>Zakuro and the familiar MOBs were supporting themselves on the pier with their tails, stretching up, and Uzuki, the water dragon, was lowering its long neck and rubbing noses in greeting.</p>
<p>Also, the Milbird Natsu and the Rana-Bug Kisaragi, riding on Liui&#x27;s back, jumped onto the pier, raised one leg in greeting to us, and then threw the silk they spat out into the sea and started fishing.</p>
<p>As I narrowed my eyes at such a heartwarming scene, I sat down next to the Rana-Bug Kisaragi and returned to fishing.</p>
<p>Retia took the bucket of fish she received from me and gave it to the water dragon Uzuki.</p>
<p>Retia and I didn&#x27;t talk much, spending our time listening to the sound of the waves.</p>
<p>My fishing rod reacted, and I pulled up the fish I caught and put it in Retia&#x27;s bucket.</p>
<p>Then, Retia threw the fish in the bucket to the water dragon Uzuki, who skillfully moved its long neck and caught the fish in its mouth.</p>
<p>&quot;Uzuki is really good at catching fish.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If she can do this, many people find it interesting and throw her fish, so it saves on food expenses.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p>Retia and Uzuki, who cried in agreement, thought they could even do a circus act soon, and Retia smiled wryly.</p>
<p>Then, the fishing line next to the Rana-Bug Kisaragi also reacted, and when it pulled it up, it caught a fish that was larger than mine.</p>
<p>It gnawed at the fish with its teeth, cutting it into small pieces, and shared it with the Milbird Natsu.</p>
<p>I stroked the shell back of the Rana-Bug while asking Retia.</p>
<p>&quot;Bel isn&#x27;t here today.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Bel and Emily will come later together. By the way, Yun, are you free now?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;As you can see, I&#x27;m free.&quot;</p>
<p>Since I was leisurely fishing, I was quite flexible with my time.</p>
<p>&quot;Actually, I was thinking of searching for the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] that sank near the isolated island with Emily and Bel. Would you like to join us?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Is it okay? For me to join?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, I rode on Uzuki&#x27;s back until a while ago and toured the island to scout the [Treasure Map] points.&quot;</p>
<p>The [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map] has hits and misses. The hits have the location of the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] drawn on them, but the miss treasure chests contain money, production materials, exchange items, and the next treasure map in the chain.</p>
<p>By opening treasure chests one after another based on the treasure maps, you can eventually reach the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].</p>
<p>But in reality, the [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map] can trigger the secret treasure trial, regardless of whether it&#x27;s a hit or miss, as long as the map number and the hiding place match.</p>
<p>This is probably to avoid a tedious treasure hunt when trying to obtain the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] a second time or later.</p>
<p>However, information about the hiding places has already been circulated as OSO strategy information, and Retia seems to have scouted the hiding places near the coast.</p>
<p>&quot;So, I think we can collect them more stably if Yun is with us.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I understand, I&#x27;ll help. Well, I also have [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Maps] near the coast that I haven&#x27;t touched yet, so I&#x27;d like you to help me with the strategy as well.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Understood. Then, shall we decide which [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] to recover and by what route by going around the isolated island?&quot;</p>
<p>Retia and I spread out the [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map] on the pier and discussed the recovery route.</p>
<p>Just as we were revising the treasure hunt plan near the coast, Emily and Bel also joined us.</p>
<p>&quot;Yay, so much fluff!&quot;</p>
<p>While smiling wryly at Bel, who was running towards Liui, Zakuro, and Uzuki, Emily walked slowly onto the pier and greeted us.</p>
<p>&quot;I received a message from Retia earlier, but Yun is here too. That&#x27;s reassuring.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I was just invited. Emily, is it about the map you bought the other day?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, that&#x27;s right. But there&#x27;s another reason.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Another reason?&quot;</p>
<p>I tilted my head, wondering if Emily had another reason to cooperate with Retia and the others besides searching for the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] on the maps she bought in bulk at the black market stall.</p>
<p>&quot;I call myself a [Material Shop], but I&#x27;ve been so busy in real life lately that I haven&#x27;t been able to grasp the materials available near the isolated island. I&#x27;m doing a survey and collecting sample materials.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, I see. Certainly, materials like [Coral Tree] are popular these days. If that&#x27;s the case, I think I can teach you some things.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Thank you, Yun.&quot;</p>
<p>Then, after Retia&#x27;s satiety was restored and Bel was satisfied with playing with the familiar MOBs, we headed out to search for the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] hidden in the sea.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
  </body>
</html>
