<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 18</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 18</h1>
    <p>## Chapter 3: Crescent Cove and the Kraken</p>
<p></p>
<p>The isolated island where you can fight the raid boss Kraken is located on the southern side of the isolated island area.</p>
<p>The tidal currents around this isolated island are particularly strong, making it difficult to swim or reach by boat.</p>
<p>A common way to land is to use the stepping stones that appear at the moment of low tide, which occurs at regular intervals, and we used that method this time.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, we&#x27;ve arrived at the isolated island, so let&#x27;s head to the place where we&#x27;ll fight the Kraken!&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku, who had already successfully defeated the Kraken once with the guild members, took the lead and proceeded through the isolated island.</p>
<p>&quot;Hee, so this is what the isolated island is like.&quot;</p>
<p>The Kraken subjugation team consists of me, the Myu party, the Taku party, and 11 members from Sei-nee and Mikazuchi&#x27;s guild [Yaoyorozu], for a total of 23 people.</p>
<p>In addition, seven members of the [OSO Fisheries Cooperative], including Shichifuku, are cooperating as guides, as they have experience subjugating the Kraken.</p>
<p>Everyone changed into swimwear equipment that is easy to move in and resistant to the hot sunlight, and entered the isolated island.</p>
<p>&quot;Is there really a place to fight the Kraken in a place like this?&quot;</p>
<p>The exterior of the isolated island gives a slightly dark impression, with towering rocky mountains and trees growing on them.</p>
<p>The intervals between the trees are narrow, giving the impression that it will be difficult for both players and the boss Kraken to fight. Or is there an entrance somewhere on the isolated island that leads to a cave or something? I wondered, but Shichifuku turned around and smiled cheerfully.</p>
<p>&quot;Don&#x27;t worry so much, the place to fight the Kraken is well prepared. Well, just follow me a little more.&quot;</p>
<p>I believed Shichifuku&#x27;s words and climbed up the rocky mountain on the isolated island.</p>
<p>The trees blocked the direct sunlight, but I followed while feeling the humidity rising from my feet, and a corner of the rocky mountain was split open, creating a path.</p>
<p>&quot;This way, this way.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yoon-oneechan, this way! Be careful of your footing.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Okay.&quot;</p>
<p>Beyond the path that we proceeded along in two rows, there was a cove that seemed to carve out the center of the isolated island.</p>
<p>The cove, surrounded by vertical rock walls, had a crescent-shaped sandy beach and a deep blue sea.</p>
<p>&quot;This is... beautiful.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This is where you fight the Kraken. See that arch in the rock wall at the back of the beach? That&#x27;s a submarine cave, and the Kraken comes and goes through there.&quot;</p>
<p>Seawater flowed into the submarine cave, and the waves in the cove were calmer than around the island.</p>
<p>Around the cove, there were steep rock walls, but there was no ceiling like a cave, so sunlight poured down, creating a sense of openness.</p>
<p>It looked like a secret hideaway where you could play without worrying about other people&#x27;s eyes.</p>
<p>&quot;Shichifuku-san! What do we need to do to fight the Kraken?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Good question! The Kraken won&#x27;t appear if you just wait around!&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku, the guide, smiled as he answered Myu&#x27;s question.</p>
<p>&quot;If you throw an item called [Fisherman Village Special - Kneaded Bait] into that sea, you can attract the Kraken. By the way, you can get this item as a quest reward from a Non-Player Character in the isolated island area.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>[Fisherman Village Special - Kneaded Bait] (Consumable)</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bait used by fishermen in the isolated island when targeting fish.</p>
<p>It is made by mixing small fish into kneaded fish paste.</p>
<p>Using this makes it easier for fish to gather when [Fishing], and it is also used for Kraken fishing.</p>
<p></p>
<p>After confirming the flavor text of the item, I let out a voice of admiration.</p>
<p>I like errand quests, so I sometimes take them on while taking a walk, but I was impressed that I hadn&#x27;t grasped the quests that can be received in the isolated island area.</p>
<p>&quot;In other words, it&#x27;s the same as a normal beach unless you throw in the bait, right? Hey, can we play for a little bit?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I want to play too. It&#x27;s boring to just have a boss battle when there&#x27;s a beautiful sandy beach!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Myu, Hino-san!... We came here to subjugate the Kraken today.&quot;</p>
<p>Rucato gently chided Myu and Hino&#x27;s words, Toutobi looked down shyly, and Kohaku sighed in exasperation.</p>
<p>And Rirei watched Myu and the others and smiled eerily.</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, I want to see the beautiful girls playing as they please on the secret sandy beach. No, being captured by the Kraken&#x27;s tentacles is also... This is a difficult choice.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Rirei, you&#x27;re saying something stupid again!&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku immediately retorted.</p>
<p>Mikazuchi and the others were amused by the interaction between Myu and the others.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s true that it would be boring to just defeat the Kraken and be done with it, what do you think, Sei?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. To be honest, I also want to spend time with Myu-chan and Yoon-chan like normal.&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee seems to want to play with Myu and the others because she has been running through the breakthrough of the sea area, the exploration of the isolated island area, and the search for the pirate king&#x27;s treasure.</p>
<p>And Taku and the others were──</p>
<p>&quot;Well, isn&#x27;t it fine? Minits and Mami-san probably want to play with Myu-chan too, right?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Is it okay? There aren&#x27;t many opportunities for a lot of girls to gather and play, so I&#x27;m happy.&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Minits took off her parka and prepared to swim.</p>
<p>&quot;Come on, Yoon-kun and Mami, let&#x27;s go.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh, no, I...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Umm...&quot;</p>
<p>Minits, with a beaming smile, grabbed my and Mami-san&#x27;s arms and led us to the water&#x27;s edge.</p>
<p>At that time, I sent a look to Taku and Mami-san sent a look to Kei as if asking for help, but we were seen off normally.</p>
<p>And Gantz, starting with the male players from the [OSO Fisheries Cooperative] that Shichifuku brought, were talking in hushed voices.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone was wearing parkas, but they&#x27;re going to take them off to swim.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m happy to be able to come to the beach with girls, even if it&#x27;s in VR.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, don&#x27;t say that. The [OSO Fisheries Cooperative] is a men&#x27;s club! If you say any more, it&#x27;ll make me sad!&quot;</p>
<p>Who has the biggest breasts, who has the best-shaped butt, who wants to see cute swimsuits, etc.</p>
<p>Such blatant conversations and gazes were completely obvious to the women being watched.</p>
<p>On the contrary, they didn&#x27;t notice the cold gazes from the women.</p>
<p>&quot;We notice the gazes, you know. Haa, how idiotic.&quot;</p>
<p>Myu and Hino nodded strongly at Minits&#x27; words, and Sei-nee, Rucato, and Mami-san smiled in embarrassment.</p>
<p>And Toutobi looked down shyly, I and Kohaku had exasperated faces, and Mikazuchi was laughing hysterically.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s ignore the boys and play with the girls! Girls, this way. Boys, that way!&quot;</p>
<p>Minits drew a line on the sandy beach, asserting an area just for girls.</p>
<p>&quot;Uooooh! Wait! Let us join youuuu!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;A chance to interact with beautiful girls is being losttt!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll become a servant who makes barbecues or yakisoba, please let me play together!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz, starting with the men who were grinning from ear to ear, pleaded, but Minits refused.</p>
<p>&quot;Now is the time for girls to be together. You guys should get along with each other. Now, everyone, let&#x27;s go.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ooooh!&quot;</p>
<p>At Minits&#x27; command, Myu and Hino raised their voices and ran into the cove, taking off their parkas.</p>
<p>And chasing after Minits and the others, we also walked to the water&#x27;s edge.</p>
<p>Mikazuchi, Sei-nee, and the female players who participated from the guild [Yaoyorozu] prepared sheets and beach parasols on the sandy beach of the cove, and began drinking cold drinks under the parasols.</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Yoon-chan, why don&#x27;t you come over here and drink with us?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Mikazuchi, are you drinking alcohol!? We&#x27;re going to subjugate the Kraken later, right?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;What, it&#x27;s just a weak fruit wine. And I won&#x27;t drink enough to get the [Intoxication] status ailment.&quot;</p>
<p>Mikazuchi was drinking little by little from small glasses with Sei-nee and the others in the place where he had set up the parasols and sheets.</p>
<p>Sei-nee had just recently turned twenty in real life, so alcohol-related items in OSO were unbanned, and she seemed to be drinking with Mikazuchi.</p>
<p>&quot;Seriously... Sei-nee, be careful with your drinking pace.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, I&#x27;m okay. I&#x27;ve decided to only have one glass of alcohol.&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Sei-nee held the one glass of fruit wine in both hands and drank it carefully.</p>
<p>As I walked towards Myu and the others, they were swimming in the shallows, splashing water at each other, and generally having a good time.</p>
<p>&quot;Yoon-oneechan! Call Ryui and Zakuro too~!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, okay. Ryui, Zakuro──《Summon》!&quot;</p>
<p>I was asked by Myu to summon Ryui and Zakuro.</p>
<p>Ryui and Zakuro, who were summoned to the sandy beach of the cove, looked around, and when they understood the situation, Ryui went to Sei-nee and Mikazuchi&#x27;s parasol and lay down in its shade.</p>
<p>&quot;Ryui thinks it&#x27;s better to rest.&quot;</p>
<p>It seems that he would rather drink with Mikazuchi than be chased around by Myu.</p>
<p>&quot;Muu, I wanted to play with Ryui!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Give up. Besides, Ryui isn&#x27;t good at places with poor footing like the water&#x27;s edge or sandy beaches, so don&#x27;t make him do anything reckless.&quot;</p>
<p>When I said that, Myu grudgingly agreed and started swimming with Hino, and Rucato, Toutobi, and Minits chased after them.</p>
<p>I approached Kohaku and Mami-san, who were cooling off by dipping their feet in the seawater at the water&#x27;s edge with Zakuro.</p>
<p>&quot;Kohaku and Mami-san, aren&#x27;t you going to swim with Myu and the others?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;We&#x27;re going to cool off here. Besides, we&#x27;re both rear-guard mages, so we don&#x27;t have much stamina.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I don&#x27;t have any [Swimming] skills, so I can&#x27;t swim. Besides, I&#x27;ll enjoy myself with Gel.&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku cooled off at the water&#x27;s edge, and Mami-san held the composite MOB Wind Gel on her lap, watching Myu and the others.</p>
<p>I nodded, and squatted down at the water&#x27;s edge, dipping my hands in the seawater.</p>
<p>The seawater in the tropical climate isolated island area felt a little lukewarm.</p>
<p>However, the seawater temperature in this cove was cool and pleasant, perhaps because it flowed in through the submarine cave.</p>
<p>Zakuro jumped into the calm sea of the cove, where there was little change, and floated on the seawater.</p>
<p>Zakuro, who can swim with a dog paddle, seems to have chosen to float rather than swim.</p>
<p>I, Kohaku, and Mami-san watched over his adorable figure with smiles.</p>
<p>And when I looked around at the state of Myu and the others spending their time in the cove as they pleased, I suddenly noticed.</p>
<p>&quot;Come to think of it, where did Rirei go? I can&#x27;t see her.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Rirei is over there.&quot;</p>
<p>When Kohaku pointed to the sea, I strained my eyes and found Rirei continuing to dive.</p>
<p>Probably, she&#x27;s continuing to dive, saying that she&#x27;s looking at the beautiful girls from a different angle than usual.</p>
<p>However, I felt that Rirei&#x27;s movements were gradually becoming dull.</p>
<p>&quot;...Um, isn&#x27;t something wrong?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Or rather, she&#x27;s been diving for a long time, but is Rirei&#x27;s [Swimming] skill level high?&quot;</p>
<p>Or is she using a [Breathing Potion] to extend her underwater activity time? I wondered, but it didn&#x27;t seem to be the case.</p>
<p>&quot;That idiot! She&#x27;s been so busy chasing after Myu and the others that she&#x27;s forgotten to breathe! I&#x27;ll pull her up!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Kohaku jumped into the sea to retrieve Rirei, who was drowning.</p>
<p>&quot;...Well, it seems okay.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...Yes, it does.&quot;</p>
<p>I and Mami-san, who were left behind, quietly enjoyed the sensation of the gentle waves lapping at the water&#x27;s edge.</p>
<p>&quot;Come to think of it, what are Taku and the others...&quot;</p>
<p>I wondered what the 18 men who had been separated as if they were being chased away by Minits were doing, and when I turned around──</p>
<p>&quot;Gantz, I&#x27;m going first! Yeehaaaa!&quot;</p>
<p>A catapult was set up on the sandy beach, and Gantz, who was on it, was thrown out with great force in a parabolic arc, landing in the sea of the cove.</p>
<p>After splashing a lot of water, the members of the [OSO Fisheries Cooperative] decided to jump into the sea with the catapult one after another, striking poses.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s the catapult that Riri entrusted to us for test operation! Use it to your heart&#x27;s content!&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku, who commanded the catapult operated by a group of three, was probably not expecting Riri to hand it over for such use, but he smiled bitterly as he watched, as everyone seemed to be having fun.</p>
<p>&quot;Aah! You&#x27;re doing something so interesting! I&#x27;m jealous!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;You&#x27;re jealous that we&#x27;re diving with the catapult with just guys! I want to play with the girls too, so please allow me to go over there! Please!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz, who had jumped from the catapult, asked with confidence, but in a clumsy way.</p>
<p>&quot;If that&#x27;s the case, then the girls&#x27; team will compete too! Sei-oneechan, make something like a water slide!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Myu-chan, I understand. ──《Ice Age》!&quot;</p>
<p>Ignoring Gantz&#x27;s appeal, Sei-nee, who was asked by Myu, formed an ice foothold with [Ice Magic], creating a wide, slide-like shape.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright! Everyone, let&#x27;s go together!&quot;</p>
<p>Myu and the others took out a huge inner tube, as if they had prepared it sometime.</p>
<p>The ice slide was slid down by Myu and Rucato, Hino and Toutobi, Kohaku and Rirei, and Minits and Mami-san in pairs on huge inner tubes, splashing water and landing.</p>
<p>&quot;Ahahaha, this is fun too! You&#x27;re jealous, right!&quot;</p>
<p>Myu brushed the hair sticking to her forehead with her fingers, waving her hand at the men as if boasting.</p>
<p>Gantz and the others looked at the figures of Myu and the others dazzlingly, and with regret that they couldn&#x27;t join in.</p>
<p>&quot;Ahahaha, well, they&#x27;re lovable guys.&quot;</p>
<p>I smiled wryly at Gantz and the members of the [OSO Fisheries Cooperative] who were diving with the catapult, and looked for Taku and the others who were not participating in it.</p>
<p>On that side, they were writing something on the sandy beach and making arrangements for the Kraken subjugation.</p>
<p>I left the instructions for the movements to Taku and the others, and we spent our time relaxing in this noisy but comfortable cove.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>I made sand sculptures with Myu and the others in the cove, and the men started a boasting competition around a bonfire, each playing as they pleased.</p>
<p>In the midst of all this, Mikazuchi stood up and made his voice heard.</p>
<p>&quot;──Well, let&#x27;s start subjugating the Kraken soon.&quot;</p>
<p>We, who were playing on the beach of the cove, tilted our heads, wondering what he was talking about, as Mikazuchi said that first.</p>
<p>&quot;You didn&#x27;t forget, did you?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;N-no way. Don&#x27;t be like that, Mikazuchi-san... Ahahaha.&quot;</p>
<p>Myu answered Mikazuchi, who was grinning, in a slightly agitated voice, but I had also forgotten, so I quietly averted my gaze.</p>
<p>&quot;After we subjugate the Kraken, you can play on the beach as much as you want, so change your mood!&quot;</p>
<p>With Mikazuchi&#x27;s command, we began preparing for the Kraken subjugation.</p>
<p>&quot;We&#x27;re going to adjust the catapult! We&#x27;ll prepare two and test them out for the Kraken subjugation!&quot;</p>
<p>Of the 30 people challenging the subjugation, six members of the [OSO Fisheries Cooperative] were fixed in the rear guard in order to operate the catapults entrusted to them by Riri in groups of three.</p>
<p>&quot;It might be a tough battle with the boss, but well, we can cover that part.&quot;</p>
<p>If you try to use a catapult in a subjugation where you gather wild parties and aim for a serious strategy, you will be met with antipathy, but this subjugation is completely a private strategy.</p>
<p>We had obtained permission to use the catapult from everyone in advance, and players with high enough levels to follow up were gathered.</p>
<p>Moreover, even if the subjugation failed due to the catapult, everyone would be satisfied and turn it into a joke.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s nice to have this kind of atmosphere...&quot;</p>
<p>I had encountered the Kraken once as an event boss battle, and I knew its behavior patterns roughly, so I wasn&#x27;t too nervous.</p>
<p>Even if we failed to subjugate the Kraken, we would just laugh and challenge it normally the second time.</p>
<p>I&#x27;m usually nervous in raid boss battles, but I relaxed moderately by playing in the cove before challenging it, and I&#x27;m even enjoying the current situation.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Current SP Sense Points: 33</p>
<p>[Magic Bow Lv30] [Eye of the Sky Lv35] [Discernment Lv45] [Brute Strength Lv5] [Swift Foot Lv36] [Magic Mastery Lv38]</p>
<p>[Earth Attribute Talent Lv22] [Enchantment Artificer Lv16] [Telekinesis Lv18] [Chef Lv23] [Stealth Lv7]</p>
<p>[Knowledge of Weak Points Lv15]</p>
<p>Reserve</p>
<p>[Bow Lv55] [Longbow Lv45] [Pharmacist Lv31] [Taming Lv44] [Decorator Lv7] [Alchemy Lv13]</p>
<p>[Swimming Lv24] [Linguistics Lv28] [Mountaineering Lv21] [Production Job Knowledge Lv35] [Physical Resistance Lv5]</p>
<p>[Mental Resistance Lv15] [Knowledge of Preemptive Strike Lv17] [Fishing Lv10]</p>
  </body>
</html>
