<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 25</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 25</h1>
    <p>&quot;......So, if we just satisfy his hunger, he&#x27;ll wake up, huh? Yun, I&#x27;m counting on you.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, why do you automatically ask me to cook, seriously? Well, whatever...&quot;</p>
<p>I took out the bread I had in my inventory and brought it near the pirate NPC. The pirate NPC suddenly sat up and snatched the bread from me, starting to eat it.</p>
<p>&quot;Yummy! First meal in ages! More! Don&#x27;t you have more?!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, ah...&quot;</p>
<p>I was dumbfounded by his audacity to demand more after taking just one piece of bread, but I handed him about five loaves of bread that restored 20% of his fullness.</p>
<p>Then, after eating the bread and his fullness reached 100%, it seemed like we could finally talk to him.</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, aren&#x27;t you the guys who defeated our boss?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, so that&#x27;s why that quest started so suddenly, to connect the story like this?&quot;</p>
<p>We crossed our arms and looked down at the pirate NPC, who started talking on his own.</p>
<p>&quot;I don&#x27;t want to fight you guys. By the way, I have a proposition—I took a treasure map when I escaped from the sinking ship. So, I&#x27;m suggesting this to you: I have the treasure map, and you guys have the strength to fight. How about it? Why don&#x27;t we search for the treasure together and split it?&quot;</p>
<p>That&#x27;s the proposal from the pirate NPC, but we all had the same thought.</p>
<p>&quot;“Suspicious...”&quot;</p>
<p>Almost everyone in the group felt the same way about the pirate NPC.</p>
<p>It was a proposal from someone you shouldn&#x27;t get involved with, and it clearly smelled like a trap.</p>
<p>So, we moved away from the pirate NPC to discuss.</p>
<p>&quot;...What should we do?&quot;</p>
<p>When Toutobi asked everyone, they all looked at each other.</p>
<p>&quot;It seems like a trap, but it means there&#x27;s a quest, right? And if we&#x27;re lucky, we might get the [Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure]! Let&#x27;s go!&quot;</p>
<p>Everyone gave a wry smile at Myu&#x27;s enthusiasm, even though they knew it was a trap, and Taku glanced at me.</p>
<p>Normally, I would hesitate to take on an unknown quest, and I didn&#x27;t want to get involved with the pirate NPC because he seemed suspicious.</p>
<p>But Myu and Taku had accompanied me on leveling all day, so I was willing to go along with them.</p>
<p>&quot;I think we should accept it. You guys were getting bored of leveling all the time, right?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, thank you! Let&#x27;s take the pirate NPC&#x27;s offer!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, we might not be able to level up anymore today, but is that okay?&quot;</p>
<p>Taku seemed happy that I agreed, but he asked just in case.</p>
<p>&quot;The [Tamer]&#x27;s sense has grown, but it&#x27;s still at a low level, so I can level up to some extent on my own.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, that&#x27;s true. There&#x27;s no need for us to help you level up.&quot;</p>
<p>Taku was convinced by my explanation, but there was another calculating reason why I wanted to accept the quest.</p>
<p>&quot;Besides—it seems like the breakthrough rate for quests is higher when I&#x27;m with Myu and Taku. They&#x27;ll probably forcefully break through any obstacles...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Leave it to me! I&#x27;ll sweep away everything for Yun-oneechan!&quot;</p>
<p>Everyone laughed softly at Myu&#x27;s words, and we decided to take the pirate NPC&#x27;s offer.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, gentlemen, I&#x27;ll guide you to the cave where the treasure is.&quot;</p>
<p>The pirate NPC led us to a cave near the volcano in the center of the island.</p>
<p>&quot;The treasure&#x27;s location on my map seems to be here. Please, gentlemen, go ahead.&quot;</p>
<p>The entrance to the cave was hidden in the shadow of a cliff&#x27;s hollow, so it would be easy to miss without senses like [Appraisal].</p>
<p>&quot;Muu, it&#x27;s dark... For now, I&#x27;ll turn on the light—《Light》.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll launch one too—《Light》.&quot;</p>
<p>Myu and Minits launched light orbs with light magic, illuminating the inside from the entrance, and we saw that the cave continued straight ahead.</p>
<p>&quot;This is pretty deep. Well, let&#x27;s go.&quot;</p>
<p>With Toutobi and Gantz in the lead, we proceeded in two rows.</p>
<p>However, since not everyone trusted the pirate NPC walking at the very back, Taku and Lucart stayed at the rear to be on guard.</p>
<p>As we advanced, the cave floor gradually turned into stone, and we entered a cave hall.</p>
<p>&quot;What&#x27;s that...?&quot;</p>
<p>Myu muttered, pointing to the center of the hall, where there was a pedestal with scales set up.</p>
<p>&quot;...Don&#x27;t touch it carelessly.&quot;</p>
<p>As Toutobi warned, Hino and Gantz, who were about to reach out, hurriedly retracted their hands.</p>
<p>&quot;On the right scale, there&#x27;s a golden demon statue. It&#x27;s got a really bad taste.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Fufu, and on the left scale, there&#x27;s a mountain of gold coins, huh?&quot;</p>
<p>The expression on the demon statue, with blood-red jewels embedded in its eyes, had a mocking look, making it very eerie.</p>
<p>And the gold coins on the other side didn&#x27;t seem to be the in-game currency we used, but some kind of item design.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, use your [Linguistics] sense to investigate around the scales. You might find something.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Got it.&quot;</p>
<p>I looked around the scales and the pedestal, found something that looked like writing, and read it with my [Linguistics] sense.</p>
<p>&quot;There&#x27;s a hint. —[Only those who have abandoned greed are qualified to obtain my hidden treasure]—a message from the Pirate King.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If we think normally, it means there will be a penalty if we take more items than necessary from these scales. There was a similar development in an adventure game I used to play.&quot;</p>
<p>As Taku muttered, he nonchalantly took a gold coin from the left plate without hesitation.</p>
<p>&quot;“Ah!?”&quot;</p>
<p>Everyone was surprised by Taku&#x27;s sudden action and braced themselves, but the scales only swayed slightly, and nothing happened.</p>
<p>&quot;See? Nothing happens. Everyone, take one gold coin each.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Don&#x27;t just take it like that, it&#x27;s bad for the heart! Seriously...&quot;</p>
<p>I voiced everyone&#x27;s feelings and complained to Taku, but since nothing actually happened, we each took a gold coin and looked at the front and back.</p>
<p>The front of the gold coin had a profile of a woman, and the back had a small jewel embedded in the center, with patterns drawn around it.</p>
<p>&quot;Some of the unachieved [Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure] require some kind of important item, so it might be an item for that.&quot;</p>
<p>Taku confirmed the [Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure Gold Coin] and its flavor text as he put it into his inventory, and we understood that there were such Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasures.</p>
<p>&quot;Maybe we can&#x27;t clear it if we only focus on the treasure map...&quot;</p>
<p>We learned that important items were needed in front of the [Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure], then reached the center of the isolated island, obtained the gold coin, and visited the [Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure]&#x27;s location again.</p>
<p>Perhaps the treasure hunt was designed in such a step-by-step manner.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, we don&#x27;t have any more business here, let&#x27;s go back.&quot;</p>
<p>As we turned our backs to the scales and were about to leave, everyone turned around at a thud.</p>
<p>&quot;Are you guys stupid!? You&#x27;re not taking the treasure right in front of you!&quot;</p>
<p>What we saw when we turned around was the pirate NPC, whom we had forgotten about, holding the demon statue from the scales under his arm and stuffing handfuls of stacked gold coins into his pants pockets with his other hand.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, run towards the exit!&quot;</p>
<p>We reflexively started running at Taku&#x27;s words, but immediately after, the floor under our feet started to collapse, leaving only the pedestal of the scales.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, we&#x27;re falling!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, we&#x27;re going ahead!&quot;</p>
<p>Below the collapsed stone floor, a funnel-shaped hole was spreading, and Kohaku and Rirei were the first to slip and fall to the bottom of the hole.</p>
<p>&quot;Kya!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Mami, grab onto me!&quot;</p>
<p>Kei and Mami also fell, and Toutobi and Minits were caught in the collapse of the foothold they had dodged to and fell.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, hurry!&quot;</p>
<p>Taku and Lucart, who had reached the exit first, were guiding us, but the foothold in front of me, Myu, Hino, and Gantz collapsed, cutting off our escape route.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan, please be patient with me for a bit.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Heh!? What are you planning to do!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Myu-chan, let&#x27;s go!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Got it, Hino-chan!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz called out to me, and Hino called out to Myu.</p>
<p>Myu understood their intentions, but I was confused because I didn&#x27;t understand.</p>
<p>&quot;Here we go! Haaaaaaah—!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Luca-chan, catch me!&quot;</p>
<p>Myu got on the head of Hino&#x27;s giant hammer next to her, and Hino swung the giant hammer to push Myu out.</p>
<p>Then, Myu, who had jumped into the air, kicked two or three times in the air with her [Three-Dimensional Maneuver] sense, grabbed Lucart&#x27;s hand waiting in the cave passage, and held on.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll do it too!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh, what are you... Waa, hyaaaah! —《Bomb》!&quot;</p>
<p>Next, I was thrown by Gantz as if being pushed out, and I flailed my arms and legs in the air, but suddenly accelerated as the 《Bomb》 exploded behind me.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun—oops, dangerous!&quot;</p>
<p>Just when I thought I wouldn&#x27;t reach the edge of the cave because I didn&#x27;t have enough momentum, Taku reached out his hand and grabbed me.</p>
<p>&quot;Hino, and Gantz!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;We&#x27;re okay!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll be back!&quot;</p>
<p>Hino and Gantz let us escape and were caught in the collapse of the remaining foothold.</p>
<p>The two, with satisfied smiles on their faces, clenched one hand and raised only their thumbs as they slid into the funnel-shaped hole.</p>
<p>&quot;Tch, I triggered the trap intending to drop everyone, but some survived.&quot;</p>
<p>When we looked at the pirate NPC who had guided us here, he had somehow thrown a hook rope and was hanging from the ceiling of the cave.</p>
<p>Then, after the entire floor of the hall had collapsed, the scattered gold coins and stones that had fallen into the hole floated up from the bottom as if in reverse, gradually returning to their original state.</p>
<p>In front of such a fantastical sight, the pirate NPC spoke to us.</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, why don&#x27;t you abandon your friends and join hands with me? Since the number of people has decreased compared to before, the treasure share will increase.&quot;</p>
<p>While being looked down upon by the pirate NPC with a mean smile, the floor gradually returned to its original state, and the hole became smaller.</p>
<p>Then, we looked at each other—</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s a shame, but for us, going to welcome everyone is more important than treasure.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;We may use pirates, but we will never join hands with them.&quot;</p>
<p>With that, Myu and Lucart ran and jumped into the closing hole.</p>
<p>&quot;We&#x27;ll definitely resent you for trapping us!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. And if we come back alive, remember this!&quot;</p>
<p>Next, me and Taku also jumped into the hole and slid down, and the voice of the pirate NPC echoed from the closing hole above.</p>
<p>&quot;What fools! They all fell in pursuit of their friends! But don&#x27;t worry, I&#x27;ll leisurely search for the rest of the treasure!&quot;</p>
<p>While the pirate NPC&#x27;s provocative words echoed, the hole in the hall above our heads closed, and we slid down the long hole.</p>
  </body>
</html>
