<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 24</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 24</h1>
    <p>&quot;Alright, it&#x27;s done.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Wow... you actually did it.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Not only Miu but also Taku and the others were staring at us as I completed the [Amulet Barrier Stone] that prevents advanced magic.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, I handed the completed [Amulet Barrier Stone] to Miu and picked up a new magic gemstone.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. It doesn&#x27;t have to be just magic skills. &lt;Skill Enchantment&gt; - Stone Wall, Mimicry!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I sealed the earth magic [Stone Wall] and the mimicry skill [Mimicry] acquired through the sense of [Concealment] into a single magic gemstone, creating a magic gem.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The keywords for activating items with &lt;Skill Enchantment&gt; can be set here.</p>
<p></p>
<p>This time, to activate the two enchanted skills simultaneously, let&#x27;s set the keyword to [Mimicry Wall].</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Alright, let&#x27;s test it. - [Mimicry Wall]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Starting from the magic gem placed on the ground, a stone wall rises up and gradually mimics the surrounding scenery, dyeing it grass-green.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Wow! Being able to activate two types of skills at the same time is amazing! It&#x27;s like a completely different skill!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s not that big of a deal.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, depending on the combination of skills, it may be treated as an original skill.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Sei-nee&#x27;s barrage of lower-level magic skills released simultaneously from her magic stock due to her [Delay] sense gives her firepower comparable to advanced magic.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Also, like Kohaku and Rirei, the power can be increased by the synergistic effect of the magic they release.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Magic gems make it easy to control the timing of simultaneous activation, so unexpected effects may arise from the combination of enchanted skills.</p>
<p></p>
<p>[Mud Pool] and [Sand Bind] for action obstruction and powerful restraint with sand.</p>
<p></p>
<p>[Summon Little Golem] and [Mimicry] for a decoy doll that mimics a player.</p>
<p></p>
<p>[Explosion] and [Explosion] for multiple explosions by simultaneously using intermediate-level magic.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Due to the compatibility between skills and the nature of magic gems, there may be few useful combinations, but I felt that it still showed the potential for new items that the [Meteorite Steel] arrows do not have.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I don&#x27;t have enough magic gemstones to try various things. But thank you. Thanks to Miu, I was able to create a new item.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I thanked Miu, she smiled brightly and replied,</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m glad I could help. Well then, let&#x27;s level up so that we can experiment with various skills when we have enough materials!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. We need to level up a little more.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I replied, Taku, who was watching, lightly clapped his hands.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;So, that&#x27;s the end of the break. Don&#x27;t miss this opportunity that Yun is motivated! Today, we&#x27;re going to level up a lot, so instead of the plateau, we&#x27;re going to step a little further into the center of the island.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Uh oh... did I jump the gun?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I was happy with the new materials and the possibilities of skills, and my motivation for leveling up increased.</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, I felt more like relaxing than fighting busily for that purpose.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I once again had Zakuro [Possess] me, and since Liui&#x27;s mobility cannot be utilized in the dense forest visible in the back of the plateau, I [Sent Back] and returned her to her summoning stone and proceeded.</p>
<p></p>
<p>When you enter the dense forest from the plateau, the types of enemy MOBs that appear also change.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Great monkeys that jump around the trees and cast magic - Shaman Kong.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Carnivorous plants that attack by releasing vines and digestive fluids - Killer Nepenthes.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Huge beetles with giant three-horned horns - Atlantis Beetle, etc. appear.</p>
<p></p>
<p>We quickly learned how to deal with the enemy MOBs, and from then on, it became work again.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Just when everyone was getting used to leveling up and starting to get bored of fighting, one enemy MOB appeared.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Oh, it&#x27;s a big turtle. Is it a land turtle-type MOB?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>A land turtle-type MOB with a large shell that could seat one person was slowly walking in front of us, eating the bark of nearby coconut trees and low-lying plants.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Judging from the fact that it did not take any combat actions even when we approached, it seemed to be a non-aggressive MOB.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Emefand Turtle. Yun, you&#x27;re lucky.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Lucky?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The non-aggressive MOBs on this isolated island are stronger than the aggressive ones. So, it&#x27;s a good MOB for experience points.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Non-aggressive MOBs, which are easier to launch a preemptive strike on at our timing, have higher overall stats than aggressive MOBs, which take hostile actions when they encounter players.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And, in proportion to the high stats, the experience points gained from combat are also delicious.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Taku recommended fighting, so I readied the Black Maiden&#x27;s Longbow.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In response, the Emefand Turtle stretched out its neck unguarded and stared at us with its round, beady eyes.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, ugh...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I slowly lowered the Black Maiden&#x27;s Longbow that I had readied and appealed to Taku with a frowning expression.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I can&#x27;t, I can&#x27;t attack. It&#x27;s so charming and cute that I want to feed it rather than defeat it and stroke its shell.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The Emefand Turtle&#x27;s vacant expression and round eyes are so endearing, and I feel a sense of pity for its very slow movements.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Taku was amazed at me, but he acknowledged it, and Toutobi and Mami-san also gathered around the Emefand Turtle, following my lead.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;...Yun-san. I want to feed it too.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;M-me too, me too, together.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then, let&#x27;s give it various foods.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I took out leaves of succulent plants, vegetables, and fruits that I had just collected on the plateau from my inventory and offered them to the Emefand Turtle.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&#x27;Gyuu, gyuu&#x27;</p>
<p></p>
<p>It slowly opened its mouth, crushed them with its jaw, swallowed them, and made a low cry as if to urge us on.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s so cute. But its biting power is surprisingly strong.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, it&#x27;s an enemy MOB, even if it&#x27;s non-aggressive. A bite attack is quite painful.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I muttered to myself, and Taku said something insensitive, so I ignored him.</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I, Toutobi, and Mami-san took turns feeding it and stroking its head and back shell, it cried out happily.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun Onee-chan, that&#x27;s so nice. I want to touch it too.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It won&#x27;t bite you, so you can come.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Really!? Yay!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I let Miu have my spot where I was interacting with the Emefand Turtle, and Miu stroked its back shell while holding a piece of fruit to feed it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Wow, it&#x27;s smooth, cool, and feels good. Let&#x27;s have Luca-chan and Hino-chan stroke it together!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Miu tried to invite Lucato and the others, but they politely declined and remained vigilant around us to make sure no enemy MOBs attacked.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And on Taku&#x27;s side, while Taku and Kei were also on the lookout, Gantz was fidgeting as if he wanted to interact with it...</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Gantz, no.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Why!? I want to touch a big turtle too!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When Mami-san, who was stroking the Emefand Turtle with a happy expression, turned around, she stared at Gantz with such a cold expression that I thought the surrounding temperature dropped.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;You get carried away and touch MOBs too much, causing damage and making them hostile, right?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>As Minits pointed out in an exasperated tone, Gantz&#x27;s [Martial Arts] sense has the effect of causing damage with his bare hands.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Therefore, if Gantz touches a non-aggressive MOB, it will be judged as an attack, and the MOB may become hostile, even though we have just started feeding it and become friends with it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In addition, he had previously poked the Wind Gel, a synthetic MOB prepared as a pet for Mami-san, too much with his bare hands and accidentally defeated it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Such a murderous thing!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Gantz&#x27;s roar echoed through the dense forest, but everyone mostly ignored it as usual and admired the Emefand Turtle.</p>
<p></p>
<p>During a moment of casual rest, Taku asked, wondering.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s fine to feed it like that, but if you keep doing that, you won&#x27;t be able to defeat it.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, that&#x27;s really true.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Building a friendly relationship with non-aggressive MOBs by feeding them is a known behavior among some groups.</p>
<p></p>
<p>There are patterns where you can exchange specific items for rare materials unique to that MOB, but there are times when you become too attached to them and it becomes difficult to defeat them.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Besides—</p>
<p>&quot;I once accidentally fought and defeated a friendly Will-o&#x27;-Wisp, and I felt so guilty. Also, it seems that things like friendship levels are carried over without changing.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, the friendship level isn&#x27;t reset. That might be good information.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, after feeling guilty for accidentally defeating it, I felt somewhat complicated when I saw the respawned Wisp happily circling around me as usual.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I remembered that time, and I stared off into the distance for a bit, but I shook my head slightly and regained my focus.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well, I&#x27;m sorry for listening to my selfishness. Let&#x27;s go back to leveling up.&quot;</p>
<p>&#x27;Gyuu, gyuu&#x27;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I stroked the Emefand Turtle&#x27;s head one last time and ended the break.</p>
<p></p>
<p>At that time, I felt a sense of regret as the Emefand Turtle, which cried out happily, rubbed its cheek against my hand, and I resumed leveling up.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>We&#x27;ve moved from the plateau to the dense forest to level up, but as expected, we&#x27;re getting bored.</p>
<p>We&#x27;ve become accustomed to the fighting style of focusing on training the [Taming] sense and the [Magic] sense, and as the combat becomes optimized, we talk to each other less and less.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, how are your sense levels?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I was asked by Taku, I checked my sense status and found that the levels of the combat-related senses I had equipped had all increased.</p>
<p>&quot;Um... [Earth Attribute Talent] has also reached 30 and I&#x27;ve learned a new skill. Also, the level of the [Taming] sense has finally reached 50.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The two new earth magic skills acquired are [Sand Bind] and [Summon Little Golem].</p>
<p></p>
<p>Also, I have reached the level requirement for acquiring advanced earth magic skills, but I am stuck on the other requirement, which is the number of times the magic has been used, so it will have to wait for a while.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And, the level of the [Taming] sense, which is my goal, has reached a certain level, so it can be grown into the higher-level sense [Tamer].</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Alright, now I have the [Tamer] sense and a new taming skill.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>In addition to increasing the status bonus for familiars, the [Tamer] sense has acquired the skill [Simplified Summoning].</p>
<p></p>
<p>With normal [Summoning], you can call out familiars to participate in battle by using the maximum value of MP as a cost.</p>
<p></p>
<p>On the other hand, [Simplified Summoning] is a skill in which the MP is paid and the skill set for the familiar that is temporarily summoned is used.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In simple terms, it can be said to be the way summoning beasts are used in a certain famous RPG.</p>
<p>&quot;Liui and Zakuro&#x27;s [Simplified Summoning], huh? I&#x27;m curious because they&#x27;re both rare familiars. Yun Onee-chan, show us your new skills!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Everyone&#x27;s interest gathered at Miu&#x27;s words.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Okay. Zakuro, possession release. And - [Send Back]!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&#x27;Kyuu~!&#x27;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Zakuro, who had slipped out of my chest and released her possession state, returned to her summoning stone, and I took it in my hand.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, let&#x27;s start with Liui first. [Simplified Summoning] - Liui!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>In response to my call, Liui&#x27;s summoning stone, which I took out of my inventory, shone for a moment, and white particles formed the figure of a translucent unicorn.</p>
<p></p>
<p>It seems that the familiar summoned by [Simplified Summoning] is a non-aggressive target that has no HP.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Liui, summoned by [Simplified Summoning], raised her head and neighed, gathered light on the horn on her head, and showered white light around me.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Wow... beautiful. Also, my HP is gradually recovering. Liui&#x27;s [Simplified Summoning] skill is a recovery type!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Not only that, but it seems to be a skill that provides continuous recovery and automatic recovery for all status ailments. In effect, it&#x27;s like granting resistance to status ailments.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Miu confirmed that the damage she had taken in the battle earlier was being recovered, and Taku also used status ailment drugs to cause status ailments such as poison and curses, but confirmed that they could be recovered by Liui&#x27;s [Simplified Summoning] skill.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Liui. I&#x27;m sorry that I haven&#x27;t been able to provide you with many opportunities to play an active role. But with this, I can let you play an active role anywhere.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I muttered to myself, stroked Liui&#x27;s translucent body, and she rubbed her neck against me happily, and then returned to her summoning stone as particles of light.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I am happy that a new place for Liui to play an active role has been created, as it had been difficult to summon her depending on the terrain and situation.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Yun Onee-chan. Next is Zakuro! Zakuro&#x27;s summoning!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. [Simplified Summoning] - Zakuro!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Expectations are high for the [Simplified Summoning] of the Sky Fox, which is also a rare familiar.</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, instead of the skill being activated, a message appeared in the menu - [Simplified Summoning of the Sky Fox is not set].</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ah, really!? Zakuro doesn&#x27;t have [Simplified Summoning] set!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;In addition to normal summoning, she also has a [Possession] state. In addition to that, if she had a unique skill for [Simplified Summoning], it would be too much of an advantage, so it may not have been prepared.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I dropped my shoulders in disappointment at Kei&#x27;s words, which she analyzed calmly, and Miu and the others, who had been looking forward to it, were also disappointed.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, we&#x27;ve achieved our initial goal for now, but what should we do? Should we level up the [Tamer] a little more?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m a little tired of leveling up~. Let&#x27;s take a break, I haven&#x27;t had enough fun!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Everyone nodded in agreement or smiled wryly at Miu&#x27;s words that leveling up was too monotonous.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m tired too, so I want to wander around aimlessly. I want to collect materials in the center of the island.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, if this group gathers, we won&#x27;t be too far behind, and it&#x27;s the best escort.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Taku smiled wryly at my wish, and Miu and Hino took advantage of it and voiced their requests.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yes, yes! Then, I want to look for fruits that grow in the center of the island!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I want to look for rare MOBs with unconfirmed information sources!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>In addition, they want to see rumored scenic spots, or go to get the [Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure] of some number, etc. Everyone&#x27;s desires that had been building up from leveling up until now exploded, and opinions came out one after another.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;We can&#x27;t do everything. Well, let&#x27;s just wander around.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Taku said, aiming for no goal while trying to keep things from getting out of hand, and everyone started walking around and enjoying themselves.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Toutobi and Gantz walked ahead in the dense forest, taking on the role of detecting danger in advance.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hey, everyone, come here!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>It seems that Toutobi and Gantz have found something.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;What&#x27;s wrong...? Is that a person?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The first thing I saw was a non-player character lying on the ground, and I recognized his appearance.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;...This figure is a pirate NPC!?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>His clothes resembled those of the pirate NPC that appeared in the pirate extermination quest that occurred when we landed on the isolated island.</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, he remained lying face down on the ground, and when we surrounded the suspicious man, a menu appeared around his back.</p>
<p></p>
<p>[There is a hungry pirate NPC] - Fullness 0%</p>
  </body>
</html>
