<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 20</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 20</h1>
    <p>It has an effect similar to the 【Land Emperor Turtle Medal】 that I obtained when I cleared the quest in the Grand Rock&#x27;s body dungeon, a Super Dreadnought-class MOB.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s a faintly translucent bluish medal, but its hue subtly changes depending on the angle of the sunlight, making it beautiful.</p>
<p>I participated in the kraken subjugation for this item, so I&#x27;m happy to have obtained it.</p>
<p>And the other item is a drop item from the subjugation.</p>
<p>&quot;Um, the items I got are the 【Sea Emperor Squid Medal】 and... the 【Kraken&#x27;s Outer Mantle】?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, that&#x27;s a good item for you, Yun-oneechan!&quot;</p>
<p>The kraken&#x27;s outer mantle, taken out from the inventory, is a material with a smooth, reddish-brown, vinyl-like texture.</p>
<p>I checked the item&#x27;s stats and understood that it was indeed useful to me.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, it&#x27;s a reinforcement material for armor and accessories.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;In Yun-chan&#x27;s case, your armor has a 【Recognition Inhibition】 reinforcement effect, so I think you can use it to strengthen that.&quot;</p>
<p>The Ocher Creator armor and the 【Phantom Dweller】 mantle, which I usually use as accessories, have 【Recognition Obfuscation】, which is a higher level than 【Recognition Inhibition】, so it seems I can use it for further strengthening.</p>
<p>&quot;This is kind of nice. Should I ask Claude to incorporate it next time? So, Miu and Sei-nee, what did you get?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I got kraken bones. It&#x27;s a production material, but I don&#x27;t know how to use it, so I&#x27;m going to take it to Magi-san next time.&quot;</p>
<p>Miu said, taking out a white, cloudy, thin, wide bone.</p>
<p>&quot;I got kraken bones too. I really wanted a rare reinforcement material, though...&quot;</p>
<p>I smiled wryly at Sei-nee, who drooped her shoulders, wondering if her usual material-desire sensor hadn&#x27;t worked and she didn&#x27;t get it.</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Sei! Miu-chan, Yun-jouchan, why don&#x27;t we take a break and play here again?&quot;</p>
<p>Mikazuchi waved his hand from under the beach parasol, calling us over.</p>
<p>&quot;Sei-oneechan, don&#x27;t be down, let&#x27;s log out once and then play here again!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, that&#x27;s right.&quot;</p>
<p>We logged out together in a sleep state near the parasol where Mikazuchi and the others were.</p>
<p>In the real world, I had lunch with Mihane, and Miu logged back in a step ahead of me, and I also logged in, delayed by clearing the dishes.</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, ah, un~!&quot;</p>
<p>I stretched out my stiff body when I logged in, as I had logged out in a seated position under the beach parasol with my knees drawn up.</p>
<p>I looked around with eyes still waking up from the sleep state, and a large shadow was spread around the parasol.</p>
<p>When I moved my gaze to follow the source of the shadow, a gigantic structure was standing there that hadn&#x27;t been there before logging out.</p>
<p>&quot;...What is this?&quot;</p>
<p>The structure, with a stone base and an undulating ice slide, was both mystical and somehow familiar.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, Yun-oneechan, you&#x27;re finally awake!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu, holding a large float, found me and called out from the sea.</p>
<p>&quot;How is it! A giant slider made with Sei-oneechan&#x27;s ice magic and Mami-san&#x27;s earth magic! The catapult was broken and we can&#x27;t dive, so we had them make it!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu said, proudly explaining that Sei-nee and Mami-san, who had finished their break and logged back in earlier, had made it, and took my hand.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s slide down the giant slider together! It&#x27;ll be fun!&quot;</p>
<p>『『──Kyaaaaaaah!』』</p>
<p>Immediately after that, I heard the voices of Minuit and Mami-san screaming as they slid down the slider with tremendous force behind Miu.</p>
<p>One scream sounded like they were having fun, the other was a scream of fear and tension, and I stiffened my body.</p>
<p>&quot;O-oh, I&#x27;m fine. You go have fun by yourself, Miu.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ehh, it&#x27;s no fun alone~. Besides, the slider&#x27;s momentum is too strong, and if you ride the float alone, your weight is too light and you get thrown out at the curves. Look──&quot;</p>
<p>『Aaaaaaah!』</p>
<p>As Miu pointed, Gantz, who couldn&#x27;t make it around the curve of the slider, was thrown out of the float at the curve and slammed straight into the surface of the sea.</p>
<p>When diving from the catapult, he had been diving into the sea with a narrow area of his body to reduce the impact of landing, but this time, he was landing with the front of his body.</p>
<p>As a result, Gantz was floating on the surface of the inlet with a large amount of terrain damage and the 【Stun】 abnormal status.</p>
<p>I was dumbfounded by the sight, but I quickly snapped back to my senses and admonished Miu.</p>
<p>&quot;Miu, that slider is dangerous! It&#x27;s dangerous if you fall!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s okay, it&#x27;s okay! That kind of thing only happens rarely!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I don&#x27;t wanna!&quot;</p>
<p>I resisted, but Miu, who had high ATK stats, overpowered me and dragged me into the ice structure.</p>
<p>Entering the structure while receiving lukewarm gazes from the surroundings, the base was made of stone walls and covered with ice, so it was dim and cold.</p>
<p>For that reason, Miu lit the way with 《Light》 magic and went up the stone steps, reaching the mouth of the slider about 10 meters high.</p>
<p>&quot;Now, Yun-oneechan, let&#x27;s go!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu placed a large float and urged me to sit on the back half, with her riding on the front half.</p>
<p>&quot;Damn...&quot;</p>
<p>I sat in the back, trying to grab the edge of the float, but Miu stopped me.</p>
<p>&quot;You&#x27;ll fall off like that, here, get close to me like this!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;A-ah!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu took my hand, and I wrapped my arms around her from behind, around her stomach.</p>
<p>I&#x27;m often hugged by Miu, but hugging her like this makes me a little embarrassed.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, let&#x27;s go! Go!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Whoa, uwaah!?&quot;</p>
<p>We slid down the steep ice slider with the float all at once to accelerate at the beginning.</p>
<p>I reflexively put strength into the arms I had around Miu, and closed my eyes to endure the swaying movement of the slider, but gradually got used to it and cautiously opened my eyes.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, beautiful...&quot;</p>
<p>As we slid down with great momentum, water droplets and ice particles were stirred up, reflecting and rushing backward in the air.</p>
<p>I was impressed by the sight of looking at the inlet from a high position.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, how is it? Is it fun?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, it&#x27;s fun. Thank you.&quot;</p>
<p>When I answered, tilting my head back to look at Miu, she looked happy with an ehehe.</p>
<p>But what was spreading out ahead of the biggest curve for us was──</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, Miu! Look ahead, ahead! There&#x27;s no continuation of the slider there!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, I guess it melted and fell off because it&#x27;s ice?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This is no time to be so leisurely, kaaaaaah!&quot;</p>
<p>We, riding on the float sliding down the slider with great momentum, were thrown into the air as is.</p>
<p>In a moment of weightlessness, I hugged Miu from behind so as not to let her go.</p>
<p>&quot;Kyaaaaaaah!&quot;</p>
<p>While Miu happily screamed in free fall, I activated the telekinetic skill on myself and Miu.</p>
<p>&quot;Uwaaah! Yun-oneechan, you&#x27;re flying, you&#x27;re flying!&quot;</p>
<p>We, who had our weight reduced by the telekinetic skill, glided with the momentum of jumping out of the slider.</p>
<p>Miu was excited about gliding, but I, who was maintaining 《Kinesis》, had no room to return a word.</p>
<p>Then, we landed on the surface of the sea from the float, splashing a lot of water, and finally breathed a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>&quot;...Yun-oneechan, that was fun. One more time!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Absolutely not!&quot;</p>
<p>I refused resolutely, but she turned sparkling eyes towards me.</p>
<p>This time, I was able to subjugate the raid boss kraken smoothly without any particular worries, but in the end, I had a bad experience for my heart in an unexpected place, and I sighed alone, utterly.</p>
  </body>
</html>
