<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 21</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 21</h1>
    <p>Chapter 4: Metallic Clay and Adamantite</p>
<p></p>
<p>After playing to exhaustion in the cove of the isolated island after the kraken subjugation, I was about to log out when Miu stopped me.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, Kohaku says she has something to consult with you about.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kohaku wants to consult with me?&quot;</p>
<p>When I asked back at Miu&#x27;s words, Miu stepped aside as if to make way, and Kohaku came forward.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, do you remember the promise you made with me before?&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku asked, tilting her head slightly, and I thought about what promise I had made and remembered.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, you mean the accessory using the amber with the butterfly inside?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, yeah! I&#x27;m glad you remembered!&quot;</p>
<p>Before, when Kohaku had obtained a rare gem called [Amber with Butterfly Inside], she had promised to ask me to make the accessory when she did.</p>
<p>&quot;I got a strengthening material called [Aquatic Beast&#x27;s Stellar Stone] as a rare drop from the kraken subjugation. That&#x27;s what happened.&quot;</p>
<p>What Kohaku took out was a milky white, star-shaped stone.</p>
<p>The [Aquatic Beast&#x27;s Stellar Stone], with streaks layered like tree rings, seemed to be one of the strengthening materials for the water attribute.</p>
<p>&quot;I want to use this for the accessory to get the additional effect of [Water Attribute Enhancement]. I&#x27;m preparing some other water attribute materials as well.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I understand. As promised, I&#x27;ll take on making the accessory. How about we discuss the materials and how to make it at [Atelier] next time?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Thank you, Yun-san.&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku breathed a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>&quot;Is there anything else you hope for or request? I&#x27;ll respond to as many requests as I can.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm. I can&#x27;t think of anything in particular.&quot;</p>
<p>Lukart and Hino from Miu&#x27;s party joined the conversation as Kohaku put her hand to her chin and pondered.</p>
<p>&quot;Kohaku, I&#x27;m so jealous that you&#x27;re getting a new accessory made. I want you to make one for me too.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I saw the accessories displayed in Yun-san&#x27;s shop, and they all have a good quality and are popular, aren&#x27;t they?&quot;</p>
<p>Hino envied Kohaku for getting a new accessory made, and Lukart praised the accessories I made.</p>
<p>I was a little happy to be praised for the showcase for displaying accessories that I had prepared in [Atelier] at Magi-san&#x27;s recommendation, after seeing it.</p>
<p>&quot;I got a new production material the other day, how about I make accessories for everyone as a prototype?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh, is that okay?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The way of making it will be different from before, so I want to consult with you about various things.&quot;</p>
<p>When I proposed to Lukart and the others, they looked happy and their faces brightened.</p>
<p>&quot;Nee, nee, Yun-oneechan...&quot;</p>
<p>And, seeing Miu squirming, I lightly put my hand on Miu&#x27;s head.</p>
<p>&quot;Of course, I&#x27;ll make one for Miu too. Well, we&#x27;ll decide on the design another time, though.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yay! Yun-oneechan, I love you!&quot;</p>
<p>While thinking that she was so easily pleased, I watched the lively Miu and the others.</p>
<p></p>
<p>A few days later── When I was checking the tools and materials necessary for the accessories I would make for Miu and the others in the workshop of [Atelier], Kyoko-san came to call me.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, Miu-san and the others have arrived.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kyoko-san, thank you, I&#x27;ll go right away.&quot;</p>
<p>I took the tools and materials and headed to the store.</p>
<p>There, Miu and the others were sitting side by side at the counter seats, drinking the tea that Kyoko-san had poured for them and waiting.</p>
<p>&quot;Sorry, Miu. Did I keep you waiting?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, we weren&#x27;t waiting at all. More importantly, thank you for making the accessories today.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then, take a look at this. I have the tools ready to use today.&quot;</p>
<p>I took out a lump of ash-silver color, tore it off by hand, and handed it to everyone.</p>
<p>While Miu and the others were crushing it with their fingers and changing its shape to check the texture, Lukart asked.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, what is this?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s metallic clay made by mixing mithril ingot powder and [Ectoplasm Clay]. If you make a shape with this, bake it, and polish it, you can make an accessory.&quot;</p>
<p>Next, I took out several accessories that I had made in advance.</p>
<p>There were simple rings, twisted rings using the property of clay, and rings where the rings intersected.</p>
<p>There were also multiple rings where the ring and the pedestal were made separately, and the metallic clay was piled up instead of the adhesive and baked to integrate them.</p>
<p>&quot;Today, the purpose is to make Kohaku&#x27;s accessory, so I can&#x27;t see much of Miu&#x27;s side, but please feel free to make a shape with this metallic clay. When the shape is completed, I&#x27;ll bake it in the [Magic Furnace] to complete it.&quot;</p>
<p>Miu and Hino, who understood the purpose of today&#x27;s accessory making and that they could freely make accessories themselves, raised their voices in admiration.</p>
<p>Among them, Toutobi hesitantly raised her hand to ask a question.</p>
<p>&quot;...Um...can we make accessories even though we don&#x27;t have any [Crafting] sense?&quot;</p>
<p>At that statement, I replied to Miu and Hino, who were startled, that it was okay.</p>
<p>&quot;What requires [Crafting] sense in the accessories made with this metallic clay is the blending of the metallic clay, baking, and polishing, so if you leave that to me, you can do it properly.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...Is that so? That&#x27;s good.&quot;</p>
<p>Toutobi, whose question was resolved, smiled in relief.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, if there is no correction of [Crafting] sense when making the shape of the accessory, it will not be practical, so will it be a souvenir?&quot;</p>
<p>For this day, I brought the [Ectoplasm Clay] that I bought from Taku to Magi-san&#x27;s shop, [Open Sesame], and researched the points to note when making metallic clay accessories with Magi-san.</p>
<p>It was explained that the baking of metallic clay shrinks about one size when [Ectoplasm Clay] is removed, and the metal powders melt and the shape is maintained, so it is similar to a casting accessory that is made by fitting it into a mold.</p>
<p>The performance of the accessory is average, but the design is easier to make than before, and above all, there is no need to largely adjust the shape of the accessory with a hammer.</p>
<p>Therefore, the characteristic is that the processing difficulty is lower than that of the same type of metal accessories.</p>
<p>When my explanation was over, Miu said, &quot;Let&#x27;s do it!&quot; and started kneading the mithril metallic clay, and Hino started making accessories using the tools I had prepared.</p>
<p>Miu is struggling to make a pendant that combines a sword and a shield as a symbol of a knight.</p>
<p>Hino wraps the metallic clay around a wooden stick that is more than one size thicker than his finger, and makes multiple thick rings and combines them.</p>
<p>Furthermore, he makes triangular pyramid thorns on the side of the combined rings with metallic clay and sticks them together, which looks like something like brass knuckles instead of an accessory.</p>
<p>Lukart and Toutobi seem to be making small, simple rings while being friendly.</p>
<p>They roll the torn metallic clay into thin rods, wrap them around wooden sticks, smooth the shape of the clay with wet fingertips, fill in the cracks, and smooth the surface.</p>
<p>And, Rirei is──</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, that&#x27;s good. The pose of leaning forward with your breasts on the table is a little erotic. It&#x27;s eye candy, eye candy.&quot;</p>
<p>Rirei, who is enthusiastically staring at the serious profiles of Miu and the others and the breasts of Lukart and Toutobi who are working leaning forward, has no sign of making anything with the metallic clay she put on her hand.</p>
<p>&quot;Rirei, why don&#x27;t you enjoy it normally?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, there&#x27;s no choice. For now, after making my favorite accessories, let&#x27;s watch everyone&#x27;s profiles.&quot;</p>
<p>Rirei, who was scolded by Kohaku, reached out to the metallic clay on her hand later than everyone else, thought about what to make for a few seconds, and then used the tools I had prepared without hesitation.</p>
<p>Now that everyone started making accessories with metallic clay silently, I started consulting with Kohaku about accessories.</p>
<p>&quot;Now, Kohaku. I&#x27;m going to do this too, but what kind of design do you like?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I want a design that puts the amber with the butterfly inside that I said before in the main...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If that&#x27;s the case, the gemstone will be the center.&quot;</p>
<p>Certainly, the amber with the butterfly inside was large, so the design would be limited to a pendant top.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, for example, which do you like, a type that makes a solid pedestal with metallic clay like this, or one that only fixes the gemstone with clay stretched into a long rod?&quot;</p>
<p>The solid pedestal type has room for adding fine decorations to the sides, margins, and back of the pedestal.</p>
<p>The type that uses long rod-shaped clay makes the gemstone stand out well, but there is little room for adding decorations.</p>
<p>When I wrote down the two basic designs on paper and presented them, Kohaku pondered.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, I don&#x27;t really like gaudy things, so I think it&#x27;s better to make it with elongated clay.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Any orders regarding the design?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If so, I would like you to make it in a Japanese style. You see, I&#x27;m dressed like this, so a Western-style design would stand out.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;In that case, would it be better for the frame that fixes the gemstone to be plant-like? You can decorate the tips like this, with small leaves and flowers.&quot;</p>
<p>When I wrote down on paper a design that looked like a arabesque pattern that would suit Kohaku, Kohaku&#x27;s expression brightened.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s good! If so, can&#x27;t you incorporate this Japanese pattern?&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku shows me a screenshot image.</p>
<p>It is a bush clover flower pattern that can be seen in hanafuda, and it is easy to understand its characteristics, so it can be incorporated into the design immediately.</p>
<p>&quot;If that&#x27;s the case──how about something like this?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This is it! I wanted an accessory like this! If it&#x27;s this accessory, it won&#x27;t feel out of place even if I hang it on the pivot of my fan!&quot;</p>
<p>When I draw a decorative string and a fan connected to it on the design of the gemstone pendant top, Kohaku gets excited unusually, probably because it is exactly as she imagined.</p>
<p>I smiled wryly at the sight, and Miu and the others peeked at the design of the accessory that I handed to Kohaku, probably because they were curious.</p>
<p>Kohaku, noticing our appearance, cleared her throat and behaved as usual.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah...ahem. I was a little excited for once.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m happy that you&#x27;re happy even with just the design. Then, shall we make it?&quot;</p>
<p>I start kneading the metallic clay with Kohaku to create a pendant top that matches the image.</p>
<p>The design has been decided to create a frame that imitates the branches and leaves of bush clover, and to fasten the amber with the butterfly inside there, but there is a problem.</p>
<p>&quot;But, Yun-san. Isn&#x27;t it difficult to make it three-dimensionally?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;In such cases, I use this.&quot;</p>
<p>What I took out was a metal wire.</p>
<p>&quot;If you prepare a three-dimensional framework with wire and reinforce it with metallic clay around it──&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then you can fix the shape! But, doesn&#x27;t that mean that different materials are mixed?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s why I use mithril wire for the core material. The core material and the metallic clay are both mithril. The mithril powder in the metallic clay melts and sticks well. Well, the metallic clay shrinks when baking, so it&#x27;s necessary to pile up the metallic clay thickly, anticipating that.&quot;</p>
<p>If there is not enough metallic clay, it will be pulled by the size of the framework wire when it shrinks, causing cracks.</p>
<p>Even if the metallic clay is a little thick, there is no problem with the part where the gemstone is fitted if it is finely adjusted in the polishing stage.</p>
<p>&quot;Now, Kohaku decides on the three-dimensional design, and I&#x27;ll flesh it out with metallic clay.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Please.&quot;</p>
<p>In this way, Kohaku and I work together to make accessories.</p>
<p>Prepare one thick stem with mithril wire, and connect thin wires from that stem so that they branch off.</p>
<p>After the rough shape is made, I adjust the gemstone that is fitted into the framework wire so that it fits perfectly, then pile up the metallic clay thickly, and carve the leaves and flower patterns of bush clover with a design knife.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Nee, Yun-oneechan?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;What&#x27;s wrong, Miu?&quot;</p>
<p>We are sitting silently at the counter seats of [Atelier] and forming metallic clay.</p>
<p>Miu and Hino, perhaps tired from making one accessory, are repeating the process of kneading and breaking the metallic clay.</p>
<p>&quot;This is mithril metallic clay, but can you make it with other metals? For example, if you mix blue light steel powder, will it become a mithril alloy?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I don&#x27;t recommend making an alloy with that method because it won&#x27;t be uniform. If you&#x27;re going to make it, it&#x27;s better to powder a mithril alloy ingot and mix it with [Ectoplasm Clay].&quot;</p>
<p>The result changes depending on the previous and subsequent steps, so the work process with metallic clay is important.</p>
<p>&quot;But you know. There are also metals that are layered like wootz steel! If you mix two types of magic metal metallic clay so that they become layers, won&#x27;t it become a beautiful marble pattern?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;You can make a shape, but you should stop.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Why?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If the blending or compatibility is bad, the metal will pop when baked.&quot;</p>
<p>If you want to make a pattern like wootz steel, you can make it by intentionally mixing iron powder or laminated charcoal powder into the metallic clay so that it becomes mottled, baking it, and polishing it.</p>
<p>However, when mixing magic metals with different attributes, compatibility is important.</p>
<p>&quot;Before, when Magi-san and I forge-welded attribute metals together, we managed to fix them well by using magic potion in between instead of forge-welding agent. But even so, it was impossible to put together magic metals with mutually repelling attributes such as fire and water, wind and earth, light and darkness.&quot;</p>
<p>Not only Miu, but also Lukart, Hino, and Toutobi stopped working and listened to our story seriously at my explanation.</p>
<p>&quot;The method of forge-welding different magic metals with magic potion is to melt a part of them instantly with the intense combustion power of the magic potion and shape it by hitting it from the outside. However, if you mix magic potion into metallic clay and bake it, the combustion power is too strong and the shape of the accessory cannot be maintained.&quot;</p>
<p>If that happens, the accessory will be a failure.</p>
<p>&quot;You can&#x27;t. That&#x27;s too bad...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, if you join rings made from two types of metallic clay, you can also make this shape.&quot;</p>
<p>I took out an arm ring where a slender red ring and a yellow ring intersected, and a white pedestal connected at the intersection.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Geo-Flame Cross Ring [Decoration] (Weight: 2)</p>
<p>DEF +7, MIND +15</p>
<p>Additional effects: [Fire Attribute Enhancement (Small)] [Earth Attribute Enhancement (Small)] [Light Attribute Enhancement (Small)]</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;You can make it by making rings individually with red light and gran light metallic clay, and joining them well with a magic metal with an attribute that does not repel each other at the joint. Well, the durability itself is a little low.&quot;</p>
<p>When I took out the actual thing and showed it, Miu and Hino&#x27;s eyes lit up.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh! There&#x27;s also a way to make it like that! Yun-oneechan! Take out other types of metallic clay!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Unfortunately, there is little [Ectoplasm Clay] that is the base, so it&#x27;s no good.&quot;</p>
<p>When I said to give up because there were no materials this time, Miu pouted her lips, but she convinced herself after a while.</p>
<p>&quot;I understand. Then, I&#x27;ll give up this time. And I&#x27;m a little tired!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, the concentration doesn&#x27;t last because it&#x27;s the first time you&#x27;ve worked on it. Have you all finished your works?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, Yun-san. I&#x27;ve finished one for now.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then, put them all together. ──《Dry》!&quot;</p>
<p>I dry the collected works of Miu and the others with the 《Dry》 of the [Synthesis] skill.</p>
<p>While everyone successfully made accessories, what surprised me the most was Rirei&#x27;s work.</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, how is it?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Rirei, this design is really good.&quot;</p>
<p>What Rirei made was a pair of two-piece rings.</p>
<p>When you line up two mismatched rings, the shape and the pattern engraved on the surface match, and they become the shape of one ring.</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, I made it with the concept that by making it a pair ring style like this, you can feel like you are connected to a beautiful girl wearing rings that are paired──&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The design is fashionable, but the reason is still the same as usual.&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku&#x27;s dumbfounded retort came in, and Miu and the others smiled wryly at the usual interaction.</p>
<p>In the meantime, Miu and Toutobi, who saw the dried accessories, raised their voices.</p>
<p>&quot;Aaaaah──there are cracks in my work!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...The joints of the clay are noticeable in my work.&quot;</p>
<p>The cracks on the surface and the gaps in the joints were noticeable in the works made by Miu and Toutobi.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, will it be a failure if we leave it like this!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s still okay. You can repair it by putting metallic clay paste on it to make the cracks and joints less noticeable. Dry it again and polish it lightly to adjust it.&quot;</p>
<p>I repair the dried and hardened works of Miu and Toutobi by adding a paste made by adding a lot of water to mithril metallic clay that has been completely dried and powdered.</p>
<p>In this way, I gently polish and adjust all the works to remove the cracks and joints of the metallic clay, and also to round the corners and smooth them, and enter the baking stage.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan. After that, you bake it, polish it, and it&#x27;s done?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;There are some minor correction works, but that&#x27;s basically it.&quot;</p>
<p>I put a wire mesh on a heat-resistant mithril ceramic stand, and then put Miu and the others&#x27; works on it, and put a wire mesh cover on it so that it wouldn&#x27;t pop.</p>
<p>&quot;With this, it will be completed by baking it in the [Magic Furnace] for about 5 minutes.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;5 minutes is short, but is it okay to be so short?&quot;</p>
<p>Hino asked such a question when I explained while carrying the metallic clay accessories of Miu and the others to the [Magic Furnace].</p>
<p>&quot;Ordinary forging and crafting take time because the metal ingot is softened and the shape is changed, but it doesn&#x27;t take much time if you only melt the metal.&quot;</p>
<p>Since the shape has already been adjusted with clay, the necessary correction work is, at most, just correcting the subtle distortions that occur when baking.</p>
<p>In this way, I put the works of metallic clay into the [Magic Furnace] that has been raised to the temperature to process mithril and bake them.</p>
<p>The metallic clay, which has been heated by the high temperature of the furnace, shrinks as the [Ectoplasm Clay] that connects it comes out, and the metal powders melt and connect.</p>
<p>Miu and the others are staring at the red furnace from behind me with a worried look for 5 minutes.</p>
<p>Then, take out the baked metallic clay accessories and wait for them to cool and harden.</p>
<p>&quot;Wow, it really shrunk! Our works!&quot;</p>
<p>I confirm that Miu and the others&#x27; works are successful without cracks, although the surface has turned whitish because the [Ectoplasm Clay] has burned,</p>
<p>&quot;If you polish this, the beautiful silver color of mithril should appear. From here on, it&#x27;s a simple adjustment work and Miu and the others can&#x27;t help, but will you continue to observe it as it is?&quot;</p>
<p>It would be boring to just polish all the accessories.</p>
<p>Besides, there is nothing Miu and the others can do anymore, so I ask what they will do.</p>
<p>Two opinions are given to my question by Miu and the others.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. There&#x27;s nothing for us to do even if we&#x27;re here, but what should we do?&quot;</p>
<p>Hino raises her hand and asks me while Lukart is worried.</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, me! I want to look around Yun-san&#x27;s herb garden, is that okay?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...Ah, I&#x27;ve been curious about it for a long time too. Can I see it?&quot;</p>
<p>I nod at Hino and Toutobi who are looking at me with expectant eyes.</p>
<p>&quot;Then, you can ask Kyoko-san to guide you. By the way, I&#x27;ll ask Kyoko-san to prepare tea and sweets for you after you finish touring.&quot;</p>
<p>When I give permission and ask Kyoko-san to prepare tea, Hino and Toutobi look happy. The serious Lukart looks a little apologetic, but even so, she smiles happily when she hears that she can tour the lush herb garden and have tea and sweets.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm. I want to watch Yun-oneechan&#x27;s production activities that I can&#x27;t see very often.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m going to see how the accessory I ordered is made.&quot;</p>
<p>And, Miu and Kohaku seem to stay with me and watch the polishing of the metallic clay accessories.</p>
<p>If they get bored in the middle, Lukart and the others are in the herb garden of [Atelier], so they can join them right away.</p>
<p>Rirei, who was worried without saying her opinion until the end──</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu, the beautiful girls are divided into three people each, and it seems fun no matter which one you join... let&#x27;s go with Lukart and the others this time.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Rirei. You always say one extra word. Also, don&#x27;t cause trouble for Lukart and the others.&quot;</p>
<p>While such a retort from Kohaku is exchanged and everyone laughs, I, Miu, and Kohaku see off the four people going to the herb garden.</p>
<p>&quot;Now, Miu and Kohaku are left, so shall we finish the two accessories with priority?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I didn&#x27;t have a chance to see the inside of the accessory making like this, so I&#x27;m looking forward to it.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Then, please.&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku agrees with Miu&#x27;s words and hands me the amber with the butterfly inside that will decorate the symbol of the accessory.</p>
<p>&quot;First, Kohaku&#x27;s.&quot;</p>
<p>I polish the accessory with polishing agent, and the white surface is scraped off and the silver color of mithril appears.</p>
<p>I polish the metal fittings of the pedestal many times, and put the amber with the butterfly inside in and take it out for fine adjustments.</p>
<p>Occasionally, I hit it with a small hammer with a soft material on the head, repeat the fine adjustments, and color the tips of the bush clover leaves and the tips of the flowers and dry them.</p>
<p>Finally, I put the amber with the butterfly inside in again and it&#x27;s done.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, Kohaku&#x27;s is done. After that, it&#x27;s the addition of additional effects, but do you have any hopes?&quot;</p>
<p>I ask about the hopes for the 《Item Enchant》 skill by the [Enchantment Artist] sense, and the basic additional effects by the granting of the [Engraver], and the additional effects that consume strengthening materials.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm, I want magic-based bonuses, but considering the granting of [Wind Attribute Enhancement] later, there is room for slots. For now, please give me only [Water Attribute Enhancement].&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Kohaku takes out not only [Aquatic Beast&#x27;s Stellar Stone] but also many types of water attribute strengthening materials from the inventory.</p>
<p>I also add the water attribute [Attribute Stone] that I purchased from Emiri-san to the strengthening materials, and grant the additional effect of [Water Attribute Enhancement].</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, [Water Attribute Enhancement (Large)] has been added. After that, it&#x27;s over if you give it a name.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, the name.&quot;</p>
<p>When I ask, Kohaku looks up and thinks.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm. It&#x27;s an accessory using amber with a butterfly inside, so what kind of name would be good?&quot;</p>
<p>Amber, butterfly, butterfly, bush clover flower... it&#x27;s a water attribute, so bubbles or dreams... and so on, she mutters.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right, please give it the name [Amber Butterfly&#x27;s Dream].&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Amber and butterfly, and it&#x27;s about the butterfly&#x27;s dream. I think it&#x27;s a good name.&quot;</p>
<p>I register the name as Kohaku requested, and the accessory is completed.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Amber Butterfly&#x27;s Dream [Decoration] (Weight: 1)</p>
<p>DEF +5, INT +15, MIND +10 Additional effect [Water Attribute Enhancement (Large)]</p>
  </body>
</html>
