<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 26</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 26</h1>
    <p>## Chapter 6: Gimmick Boss and Crater Showdown</p>
<p></p>
<p>Beyond the long, dark, slider-like hole, light appeared.</p>
<p>&quot;Whoa, hold on a sec...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hmph, we&#x27;ve arrived, huh?&quot;</p>
<p>Unlike me, who stumbled out of the hole, Tak landed perfectly.</p>
<p>Looking up at the hole we fell from, we could reach it, but it seemed difficult to go back up.</p>
<p>More than that, the collapsed floor had probably returned to its original state and sealed the hole.</p>
<p>And everyone who had fallen into the hole before us turned to look at our arrival.</p>
<p>&quot;What&#x27;s with that? I mean, I tried to let me and Hino-chan escape as much as possible, but in the end, everyone came here?&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz, with his hands behind his head, stared at me and Tak, who arrived last, with a cheerful look that belied his words.</p>
<p>&quot;Even if we tried to negotiate with the Pirate Non-Player Character, we&#x27;d probably just get trapped again. So, what kind of place is this?&quot;</p>
<p>Tak answered Gantz while looking around.</p>
<p>Thanks to the light orbs launched by Miu and Minits, it was bright, but this place also looked like a cave.</p>
<p>&quot;...I investigated up to the middle, but there are no traps or items, just a straight path.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;But, it&#x27;s hot here.&quot;</p>
<p>Minits muttered in response to Toutobi&#x27;s report, stroking the back of her neck with the back of her hand.</p>
<p>This cave was a place with a higher 【Heat Damage】 intensity than the jungle. Wearing swimwear and drinking cool drinks would prevent damage with the 【Heat Resistance Effect】, but the discomfort was still strong.</p>
<p>&quot;As expected, this heat is unbearable. Let&#x27;s get out of here quickly.&quot;</p>
<p>Kohaku opened her fan, her weapon, and tried to cool herself by sending wind.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, Kohaku is so lucky! Give me some wind too!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Send some wind over here too.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Good grief! It&#x27;s too hot, get away from me!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu and Hino clung to Kohaku, trying to share the blessings of the fan&#x27;s wind, so Kohaku shook them off, reluctantly fanning them as well.</p>
<p>&quot;Hehehe, it&#x27;s nice to see beautiful girls drenched in sweat, but it&#x27;s too hot, so shall we go?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, before that -- how about logging out?&quot;</p>
<p>As everyone started walking down the straight cave path, Tak opened the menu and selected to log out.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s see -- &#x27;If you escape by logging out now, the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure Gold Coin】 will be lost, is that okay?&#x27; Well, that makes sense.&quot;</p>
<p>Apparently, if you logged out as is and escaped by restarting from a login point such as a town, guild, or base, you wouldn&#x27;t be able to officially acquire the item.</p>
<p>&quot;If the item disappears when you log out, that means we have to clear something ahead, right?&quot;</p>
<p>Lucato reaffirmed Tak&#x27;s words, and everyone proceeded with caution, unsure if it was a boss or a gimmick.</p>
<p>As they proceeded through the damp and hot straight cave path, they soon found the light outside.</p>
<p>&quot;Is that the exit?&quot;</p>
<p>Kay muttered at the front, proceeding with his shield raised to be able to withstand any surprises, followed by the rest of us exiting.</p>
<p>And we were speechless at the sight we saw there.</p>
<p>&quot;...Ah, I can&#x27;t believe we were carried all the way here.&quot;</p>
<p>Looking down from the exit hole, there was bright red lava.</p>
<p>And looking up, a spiral staircase and countless horizontal holes were spread across the inner walls of the hole, and the blue sky could be seen from the large hole overhead.</p>
<p>&quot;...No matter how you look at it, this is the center of the island. It&#x27;s a volcano crater, isn&#x27;t it?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah. So that&#x27;s why it&#x27;s so hot.&quot;</p>
<p>Realizing that the heat of the lava was rising up, we were filled with the desire to get out of here quickly.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then... shall we climb up and escape?&quot;</p>
<p>We started climbing the stairs built into the inner wall, aiming for the crater&#x27;s entrance, but it seemed we wouldn&#x27;t be allowed to escape so easily.</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>&quot;Tch, it doesn&#x27;t look like it&#x27;ll let us get away!&quot;</p>
<p>Breaking a part of the rock wall overhead and suddenly appearing was a chimera, a flying stag with the body and wings of a bird -- a Peryton MOB.</p>
<p>『──Kyuuuuuun!』</p>
<p>Raising a high-pitched, distant howl, it created countless red-black spheres from behind, from which thin heat rays flew vertically and horizontally, destroying parts of the inner wall of the crater.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, the stairs to the exit!&quot;</p>
<p>The stairs carved into the inner wall of the crater were destroyed in several places, cut off, and the rock walls fell into the lava.</p>
<p>The rock walls that fell into the lava connected to each other, using the lava as a bond, creating dark floating islands.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, it&#x27;s coming!&quot;</p>
<p>The Peryton, having extinguished the red-black spheres behind it, created countless black figures from its shadow, approaching from above and below the stairs.</p>
<p>&quot;Is it the type that summons lackeys! It&#x27;s hard to fight on the stairs, let&#x27;s jump to the floating islands!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Tak jumped to the floating island floating on the lava first, followed by Miu and the others.</p>
<p>&quot;Damn -- 《Kinesis》!&quot;</p>
<p>I hesitated until the end, but seeing the black figures approaching from the stairs above and below, I jumped to the floating island.</p>
<p>Using the psychokinesis skill to land, I turned around to see black figures jumping to the floating island from behind.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, let&#x27;s fight them off!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;「&quot;「──Roger!」&quot;」&quot;」</p>
<p>With Tak&#x27;s shout, the battle began on the floating island floating on the lava.</p>
<p>Tak and Miu slashed away the black figures, Gantz and Hino threw them away, and the mages pierced holes in the figures&#x27; bodies with magic.</p>
<p>The figures disappeared after collapsing in one hit, but the Peryton, hovering overhead, spread its wings and let out a howl, supplying new figures.</p>
<p>&quot;Attack the Peryton, the source of the supply! Interfere with the motion to increase the black figures!&quot;</p>
<p>After annihilating the second wave of black figures, everyone aimed at the Peryton at Tak&#x27;s command.</p>
<p>&quot;──《Strong Bow Technique - Mountain Breaker》!&quot;</p>
<p>I slammed a powerful arrow into the Peryton overhead faster than anyone else, canceling the motion for additional reinforcements.</p>
<p>&quot;Nice, Yun Onee-chan. Haaaa -- 《Consensus Ray》!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu&#x27;s extremely thick converged ray, bundling together multiple 《Sol Rays》, swallowed the Peryton, causing explosions around it.</p>
<p>&quot;Not yet! Let&#x27;s finish it off in one go!&quot;</p>
<p>But without loosening their attacks here, Kohaku, Rerei, Minits, and Mami-san continuously released magic.</p>
<p>&quot;Even if it&#x27;s in the sky, if we jump, we can reach it! ──《Demon Hunting Kick》!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz, running up the spiral staircase, reached the same height as the Peryton, jumped off the staircase, and delivered a kick to the Peryton.</p>
<p>&quot;Not yet! ──《Rending Sky Fist》《Violet Lightning Drop》《Crushing Palm》!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz, in the air, unleashed a series of martial arts, blowing away the smoke caused by the aftereffects of Miu&#x27;s magic with each blow, revealing the Peryton&#x27;s figure.</p>
<p>Then, taking a large distance with the recoil of the blows, Gantz landed on the staircase several steps below the Peryton.</p>
<p>&quot;What!? It didn&#x27;t take any damage.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Which means... it&#x27;s a gimmick boss! Everyone, retreat once and regroup!&quot;</p>
<p>At Tak&#x27;s words, we aimed for the horizontal cave hole where we had first fallen.</p>
<p>Carefully jumping from the floating islands to the rock wall staircase so as not to fall into the lava, we evaded the black figures newly summoned by the Peryton and escaped into the cave hole.</p>
<p>The black figures could not invade because they could not maintain their existence in dark places like horizontal holes.</p>
<p>Also, the Peryton itself was too large to enter the hole, so there was no pursuit.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmph... I didn&#x27;t know it was a gimmick boss without HP set. Let&#x27;s summarize the information we currently know.&quot;</p>
<p>Tak took the lead, confirming the situation of the gimmick boss Peryton and the surrounding crater.</p>
<p></p>
<p>・The Peryton does not have HP set.</p>
<p>・There are floating islands in the center of the crater.</p>
<p>・The spiral staircase built into the rock wall is partially destroyed.</p>
<p>・There are countless horizontal holes in the rock wall.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The information we know so far is like this, but is there anything else?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, the Peryton is supposedly a monster bird that lives in the Mediterranean, right? And it has the characteristic of turning its shadow into the shape of a person and stealing the shadow from people.&quot;</p>
<p>We were impressed by Kohaku&#x27;s explanation, realizing that was why the black humanoid lackeys were born from the Peryton&#x27;s shadow, and it seemed that the original motif was cleverly incorporated into the boss MOB.</p>
<p>&quot;So, how do we defeat the Peryton in the end?&quot;</p>
<p>We raised the content of the known range to each other, but we didn&#x27;t know how to defeat it, which was the most important thing.</p>
<p>&quot;The necessary information isn&#x27;t all here, but I can guess. I want to ask Gantz and Toutobi-chan for something to get confirmation, is that okay?&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Tak consulted with Gantz and Toutobi about something, and they both nodded.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, leave it to me! I&#x27;ll go check it out right away!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...I understand. I&#x27;ll go.&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Gantz jumped out of the horizontal hole, and Toutobi also went to search for something by submerging into the shadow with the 《Shadow Dive》 of the 【Stealth】 sense.</p>
<p>The fast-footed Gantz reached other horizontal holes faster than the Peryton could attack, and Toutobi seemed to have moved without being found by hiding in the shadows.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, let&#x27;s rest until the two of them come back.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm. I wonder if it&#x27;s okay to leave it to them.&quot;</p>
<p>While holding a vague feeling, I waited, and Toutobi returned first, followed by Gantz.</p>
<p>&quot;As Tak pointed out, I found something that looked like a gimmick in the horizontal hole.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...I found an abandoned object and brought it with me.&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz took a screenshot of the gimmick he found in the horizontal hole, and Toutobi picked up the object and brought it back.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s see, some kind of mechanical device and a handle?&quot;</p>
<p>The screenshot Gantz took showed a mechanical object, and what Toutobi brought back was a large circular handle.</p>
<p>The shape of the handle insertion port and the depression of the mechanical object matched, so it seemed to be used in combination.</p>
<p>&quot;I knew there would be something like this.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, what does this all mean in the end? It looks like we&#x27;re going to turn the handle.&quot;</p>
<p>When we asked Tak, who was convinced alone, Tak spoke about his prediction of the strategy for this gimmick boss Peryton.</p>
<p>&quot;Probably, there are gimmicks like this in various places inside this crater. And when activated, the position of the lava inside the crater rises, and accordingly, the position of the floating islands rises.&quot;</p>
<p>Tak showed the floating islands being pushed up by the palm of his hand, representing the rise in the position of the lava.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, I see. If we push up the floating islands, we can also search the top of the destroyed stairs.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. If we push up the floating islands more and more and reach a certain place, will there be a full-scale battle, or will we defeat it with a gimmick at that point?&quot;</p>
<p>The strategy for the gimmick boss Peryton would require the ability to withstand the boss&#x27;s attacks and find and activate the gimmicks inside the crater.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Since Miu-chan and the others have higher mobility as a party, Miu-chan&#x27;s party will activate the gimmicks, and we&#x27;ll be the decoy to attract the Peryton.&quot;</p>
<p>Although I was a little uneasy about standing at the forefront against the boss, I thought Tak&#x27;s judgment was appropriate, but Miu raised an objection.</p>
<p>&quot;Ehh, such an interesting role. We want to do it too!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, Miu... you say we want to do it too...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Because, gimmick activation is important, but the gimmick to defeat the boss hasn&#x27;t been found yet, right? Maybe HP will appear when the gimmick progresses to some extent?&quot;</p>
<p>It seemed that if that happened, she felt it would be difficult to enter the boss battle without getting used to the boss&#x27;s behavior pattern as a result of being entrusted with gimmick activation.</p>
<p>&quot;There was also the possibility that Miu-chan said. What do Gantz and the others think?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Isn&#x27;t it good? However, it&#x27;s necessary to transfer the hate well at the timing of the change.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s just say it&#x27;s practice for multiple parties. The opponent doesn&#x27;t have HP, so it&#x27;s perfect for a sandbag.&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz agreed happily, and Kay came out with a pretty extreme line.</p>
<p>If a boss without HP that is defeated by gimmicks is stable as a party, is it equivalent to a sandbag? I did a slightly distant eye.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, let&#x27;s decide that the role of attracting the Peryton will be changed with each gimmick activation, decide on a little more detailed strategy, and challenge it again.&quot;</p>
<p>And so, we worked together to confirm our coordination and equipment sense against the flying boss, and challenged the gimmick boss Peryton.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
  </body>
</html>
