<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 31</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 31</h1>
    <p>Afterword</p>
<p></p>
<p>Hello to those meeting me for the first time, and hello to those who haven&#x27;t seen me in a while. I&#x27;m Aloha Zacho.</p>
<p>I am deeply grateful to everyone who picked up this book, to my editor, Mr. O, to Yuki-sama for providing wonderful illustrations for the work, and to everyone who has been reading my work online since before its publication.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The OSO series is currently being serialized in Dragon Age as a comic adaptation by Kurakumo Hane wa Jin-sensei. You can see the comical and cute comic version of Yun and the others&#x27; activities and adorable figures.</p>
<p></p>
<p>OSO will celebrate its 5th anniversary this time, and to commemorate it, a character popularity poll will be held on the special site of Fantasia Bunko.</p>
<p>I would be grateful if all the readers would vote for their favorite characters on the special site.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As in the previous volume, there are two works that I referred to when considering the isolated island area that became the stage for this volume.</p>
<p>One is &quot;Uncharted 4,&quot; and I referred to the atmosphere of the pirate island that appears there and the gimmicks that appeared in it, and arranged them for OSO.</p>
<p>The other work is &quot;Hunter x Hunter,&quot; and I created an item search to find the pirate king&#x27;s treasure, being conscious of the specified cards in the Greed Island arc.</p>
<p>Just reading the explanations of the cards that appeared in the Greed Island arc, I, who was reading it during the &quot;Weekly Shonen Jump&quot; serialization, have very exciting memories.</p>
<p>Referring to that, I was writing while thinking that it would be fun to imagine the pirate king&#x27;s personality from the 108 items, each with a word from the pirate king added to it.</p>
<p>What kind of pirate king was born in your minds?</p>
<p>Perhaps you can see an unexpected side from the explanations of other treasures.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I hope you will continue to support me, Aloha Zacho.</p>
<p>Finally, I would like to express my gratitude once again to all the readers who picked up this book.</p>
<p></p>
<p>February 2019 Aloha Zacho</p>
  </body>
</html>
