<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 19</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 19</h1>
    <p>I returned Lui and Zakuro, the cannon fodder MOBs, to their summoning stones due to the poor footing of the sandy beach. I opted for an evasion-focused sense configuration and took up the Black Maiden&#x27;s longbow.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, let&#x27;s do this! 《Spatial Enchant》──Attack, Defense, Speed!&quot;</p>
<p>I cast a triple enchant on the participating front-liners, enhancing their stats.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, we&#x27;re ready! Commence launching the [Fishing Village Special - Kneaded Bait]!&quot;</p>
<p>At Shichifuku&#x27;s signal, the kneaded bait loaded onto the catapult was launched in a parabolic arc.</p>
<p>The mass of kneaded bait launched by the catapult landed on the surface of the inlet, creating a small water column before sinking.</p>
<p>Whether the kneaded bait crumbled underwater or not, the deep blue seawater changed to reddish-purple, and aiming for that spot, a huge white shadow appeared from the underwater cave connecting the inlet to the open sea.</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah! Our sand sculptures and Sei-oneechan&#x27;s ice slide! I&#x27;ll never forgive the Kraken!&quot;</p>
<p>When the Kraken appeared in the inlet, the lifted seawater became a large wave, destroying the traces of play made on the water&#x27;s edge.</p>
<p>Mew clenched her fists tightly at the sight, burning with anger.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s here! Everyone, attack!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Uooooooo!&quot;</p>
<p>The giant Kraken&#x27;s head rose, and its tentacles swayed from the surface of the sea as it roared, seemingly threatening us.</p>
<p>When we fought on the galleon, we were forced into a difficult battle due to the narrow escape routes.</p>
<p>But the battle in the inlet, while preventing us from circling around to the Kraken&#x27;s blind spots since it was in the sea, had enough space for us to evade.</p>
<p>&quot;《Foodstuff Expertise》! 《Powerful Bow Technique - Mountain Breaker》!&quot;</p>
<p>I unleashed a high-level bow-type art from a distance even further than the Kraken&#x27;s tentacle length.</p>
<p>Overtaking the vanguard, Taku and Mew, who had dashed forward, the intense arrow struck the Kraken&#x27;s brow, where the marker floated due to 《Foodstuff Expertise》.</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Damn it! Yun-chan stole the honor of dispatching the Kraken from me! But it&#x27;s not over yet!&quot;</p>
<p>The Kraken, having received an intense blow to its weak point with the first attack, had its tentacles, which had been protruding from the sea surface, lying on the sand as if its body had relaxed.</p>
<p>&quot;While it&#x27;s stopped moving, inflict as much damage as possible!&quot;</p>
<p>Mew imbued her sword with magic, deeply searing and cutting the tentacle with intense heat and light, while Taku manipulated long swords in both hands, tearing it apart with numerous strikes.</p>
<p>The vanguard inflicted as much damage as possible, and the rearguard likewise unleashed attack magic in short bursts.</p>
<p>I also rapidly fired arrows at the Kraken&#x27;s body one after another.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, prepare to evade!&quot;</p>
<p>The action impediment caused by the Kraken&#x27;s vitals lasted for about 30 seconds.</p>
<p>During that time, we inflicted as much damage as possible, but its HP was reduced by only about 5%.</p>
<p>And then, the Kraken&#x27;s counterattack came.</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>It lifted its relaxed tentacles again and swung them down as if slamming them onto the beach.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, evade!&quot;</p>
<p>The shadow of the tentacle lifted overhead fell on the beach, and the vanguard fled left and right to avoid it.</p>
<p>And the moment the tentacle slammed onto the beach, fine sand swirled up, and the ground shook, hindering the movement of the rearguard who were outside the range of the tentacle.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, the next attack is coming!&quot;</p>
<p>Mew, who had escaped into the air by leaping with her [Three-Dimensional Restriction Release] sense, attacked a nearby tentacle without being affected by the ground shaking.</p>
<p>But the Kraken, targeting the vanguard who had stopped due to the ground shaking, attempted to grab them with its tentacles.</p>
<p>&quot;Seriously, me again!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz, who had been thrown into the sea by a tentacle grab attack during a previous encounter with the Kraken, shouted and was grabbed by the tentacle and thrown.</p>
<p>Before, he only fell into the sea, but this time, he was slammed against the rocky wall of the inlet.</p>
<p>&quot;──《Aqua Wall》!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;──《Mud Pool》!&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee created a water wall in the path he was thrown, and I changed a part of the rocky wall of the inlet into a muddy state, mitigating the impact of Gantz&#x27;s collision.</p>
<p>&quot;Ouch, Sei-san, Yun-chan. Thanks for the help.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Here, here, Gantz. Go again. ──《High Heel》《Regeneration》!&quot;</p>
<p>Miniッツ granted Gantz the [Regeneration] effect, which automatically recovers his HP, and sent him out again.</p>
<p>Even with Gantz being thrown, the momentum of the attack to defeat the Kraken did not weaken, and arts and magic skills were unleashed one after another.</p>
<p>&quot;Normally, with this intense an attack, its HP would be shaved off at a pretty good rate, but... ──《Ice Lance》simultaneous volley!&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee created over thirty ice lances in the air and launched them at the Kraken, but more than half of them were blocked by the tentacles the Kraken raised, reducing the damage.</p>
<p>In addition, the attacks of the magicians Kohaku, Rirei, Mami-san, and the two catapults of the [OSO Fishing Cooperative] were also being received by opening the tips of the tentacles and crushing them.</p>
<p>&quot;It can&#x27;t be helped. The Kraken&#x27;s resistance changes depending on the part that&#x27;s hit.&quot;</p>
<p>The Kraken as a raid boss that appears in the inlet of this remote island can now be defeated with the appearance of an HP bar, and its basic behavior pattern is not much different from when we encountered it in the event battle.</p>
<p>However, as a characteristic of the Kraken that was discovered after it became defeatable, it has damage reduction abilities for each part.</p>
<p>The Kraken can be divided into three parts: the triangular, slender body, the head with eyes and mouth, and the leg part including the 10 tentacles.</p>
<p>The damage inflicted on the Kraken is highest on the head, and attacking the vitals between the eyebrows stops its movement for 30 seconds.</p>
<p>Next, the largest and most conspicuous body part has about 30% damage reduction.</p>
<p>Finally, the tentacles, which obstruct various attacks, inflict more damage on the Kraken the closer they are to the base, but the tips of the tentacles that defend against the rearguard&#x27;s attacks reduce damage by about 90%.</p>
<p>&quot;──《Powerful Bow Technique - Mountain Breaker》! Damn it, I&#x27;ve been bewitched!&quot;</p>
<p>I also unleashed an art to aim for the weak point marker of 《Foodstuff Expertise》 that had reappeared on its head over time.</p>
<p>However, the trajectory was blocked by the Kraken&#x27;s raised tentacle, slightly shifting my aim just before firing, and the arrow pierced through the edge of the Kraken&#x27;s body as if gouging it out.</p>
<p>&quot;Don&#x27;t underestimate us! ORAAAAA!&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku, who had dashed out, leaped onto the tentacle and used it as a foothold to thrust a harpoon into the Kraken&#x27;s brow.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, I&#x27;ve made it immobile for another 30 seconds!&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku succeeded in attacking the vital point between the eyebrows, which I had failed to do earlier, and in response, attacks from allies were carried out again.</p>
<p>The rearguard, while adding attacks sporadically until now, had all prepared their ultimate moves for this moment.</p>
<p>&quot;──《Ice Lance》! Volley!&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee fired more than thirty ice spears, more than before due to the [Delay] skill, at the Kraken&#x27;s body.</p>
<p>Shichifuku was running across the sandy beach, pulling out the harpoon he had thrust in to escape from the aftermath of the magic.</p>
<p>&quot;Uooooooo! Sei-san, that&#x27;s dangerous!&quot;</p>
<p>But the magicians&#x27; attacks on the Kraken were not over yet.</p>
<p>&quot;Fufufu! Let&#x27;s quickly defeat it and continue our fun at the beach with the beautiful girls. ──《Prominence Dragoon》!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This is our ultimate technique! ──《Thunder Storm》!&quot;</p>
<p>A dragon-shaped flame and a black tornado discharging lightning intertwined and were released, piercing the Kraken&#x27;s body, causing the sea surface to boil and triggering an explosion.</p>
<p>&quot;The visibility has gotten a little bad. ──《Down Burst》!&quot;</p>
<p>Powerful magic caused water vapor to fill the area, but as Mami-san raised her staff, anticipating this, a powerful downdraft struck the Kraken from above.</p>
<p>As expected, the Kraken&#x27;s HP was reduced to 80% by the consecutive advanced magic of the fire-power-focused magicians.</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>And 30 seconds passed, and the Kraken began to move again.</p>
<p>&quot;Vanguard, I can see the pre-motion for ink squirt! Prepare for the enchantments to wear off!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;──Roger!&quot;</p>
<p>I raised my voice and conveyed a warning to the vanguard based on the Kraken&#x27;s pre-motion.</p>
<p>&quot;Don&#x27;t mess up the timing... It&#x27;s coming!&quot;</p>
<p>I muttered to myself as if telling myself, and grasped the positions of the vanguard with the targeting ability of [Eyes of the Sky].</p>
<p>The Kraken&#x27;s body, which continued to swing its tentacles, became blackish, and it spewed ink from its mouth towards the beach.</p>
<p>Players who touched the ink released over a wide range of the inlet had their enhancement effects, such as enchantments, removed.</p>
<p>While capturing my allies in my field of vision with [Eyes of the Sky], I judged the timing when the sand absorbed the ink that removed the enhancements and it disappeared, and reapplied the enchantments.</p>
<p>&quot;《Spatial Enchant》──Attack, Defense, Speed!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Thanks, Yun!&quot;</p>
<p>The vanguard&#x27;s enhancement effects were erased by the ink, but I immediately succeeded in reapplying the enchantments.</p>
<p>If I messed up the timing of the enchantments, the ink&#x27;s effect would remain, and the enchantments I had painstakingly reapplied would also disappear.</p>
<p>While paying attention to the Kraken&#x27;s pre-motions, I pinpointed and shot at places with good damage penetration, such as the head and body, and raised a warning about the Kraken&#x27;s pre-motions.</p>
<p>&quot;Pre-motion detected! Evacuate to the left!&quot;</p>
<p>The Kraken began to raise the tentacles it had been swinging down on the beach high, and I issued guidance instructions based on that movement.</p>
<p>While the vanguard and rearguard alike escaped to the left side, which divided the crescent-shaped beach into three parts, the Kraken&#x27;s tentacles slammed into the sea surface, causing a tsunami.</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Tch, those guys...&quot;</p>
<p>At the moment of the tsunami attack, while both the vanguard and rearguard quickly chose to evade, the retreat of the members of the [OSO Fishing Cooperative] who were trying to move the catapults installed in the rear right side of the beach was delayed.</p>
<p>&quot;Are you idiots! I told you to abandon the catapults if it gets dangerous!&quot;</p>
<p>The tsunami that occurred in the narrow inlet stirred up sand, engulfing the catapults and the three players operating them, and slamming them against the rocky wall of the inlet.</p>
<p>Then, the seawater vigorously returned to the inlet&#x27;s sea.</p>
<p>With the intense tsunami attack, the catapults were destroyed and half buried in the sand on the coast, and the members of the [OSO Fishing Cooperative] who had been caught up in it also crawled out of the heavy sand containing water.</p>
<p>&quot;Are you an idiot! Just because you&#x27;ve experienced the Kraken subjugation before, don&#x27;t underestimate the tsunami! You&#x27;ll die!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Captain Shichifuku... I died once and used a [Resurrection Potion].&quot;</p>
<p>It was a somewhat foolish exchange, but if you take the Kraken&#x27;s tsunami head-on, you will be shaved by the water pressure of the tsunami and the stirred-up sand, and slammed against the rocky wall – it&#x27;s normally an instant-death-class attack.</p>
<p>The battle with the Kraken must be carried out while dealing with four types of attacks: tentacle slams and grab attacks, removal of enhancement effects by ink squirt, and instant-death-class area attacks from tsunamis.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>While dealing with the combination of four types of attacks and struggling with the damage reduction characteristics of each part, the Kraken&#x27;s HP had been reduced to the remaining 10%.</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This time, retreat to the right... no, to the center!&quot;</p>
<p>The closer the Kraken&#x27;s HP got to zero, the more intense its attacks became.</p>
<p>The time the ground shook on the beach due to the tentacle slams lengthened, and with the grab attacks, it not only grabbed players but also tore rocks from the rocky wall of the inlet and threw them at the rearguard.</p>
<p>I felt frustrated when I applied the enchantments and it got hit with ink squirts in succession.</p>
<p>The Kraken&#x27;s tsunami attack was an area attack that washed away a part of the sandy beach in the inlet, dividing it into three parts.</p>
<p>At first, it was one spot out of the three, but as its HP decreased, the number of places where it caused tsunamis increased to two, and when its HP decreased even further, it even started feinting.</p>
<p>As a result, I fell for the feint twice, and the vanguard was half destroyed, but thanks to [Resurrection Potions] and resurrection skills, we managed to reach the final stages.</p>
<p>&quot;This really tests your reflexes! Vanguard!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I know, Yun-oneechan! ──《Nine Sword Slash》!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Haaaaaa! ──《Death Bringer》!&quot;</p>
<p>The vanguard, including Mew and Taku, unleashed powerful arts and skills on the Kraken&#x27;s tentacles, and the movement of the tentacles that received the damage stopped for a moment due to stiffness.</p>
<p>I did not miss the opening created by the vanguard and slammed a powerful bow attack into the Kraken&#x27;s brow.</p>
<p>&quot;Go! ──《Powerful Bow Technique - Mountain Breaker》!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;──Kuaaaaaaooooooooon!&quot;</p>
<p>The arrow pierced the Kraken&#x27;s brow, creating another 30-second window for attack.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright! Let&#x27;s shave it all off at once!&quot;</p>
<p>The rearguard, who had been steadily preparing, unleashed their magic all at once to shave off the remaining HP.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone, let&#x27;s go! ──《Maelstrom》!&quot;</p>
<p>Starting with Sei-nee&#x27;s whirlpool, Rirei&#x27;s fire dragon and Kohaku&#x27;s discharging black tornado, and Mami-san&#x27;s intense downdraft strike assaulted the Kraken in rapid succession.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll join the attack at the end too! ──《Consensus Ray》!&quot;</p>
<p>Miniッツ, who had been supporting the vanguard as one of the healers until now, also joined the attack to shave off the Kraken&#x27;s remaining HP.</p>
<p>Miniッツ&#x27;s extremely thick converged beam was reflected on the sandy beach of the inlet, and [Eyes of the Sky] reacted excessively to the strong light, momentarily blinding me.</p>
<p>&quot;Ouch... the Kraken is...&quot;</p>
<p>As the light subsided and my eyes got used to it, I began to see the Kraken&#x27;s silhouette vaguely.</p>
<p>I became uneasy, wondering if Sei-nee and the others&#x27; concentrated barrage had failed to defeat the upright Kraken&#x27;s silhouette.</p>
<p>While harboring such anxiety, a few seconds passed──</p>
<p>&quot;──Kua... kuaoooo...&quot;</p>
<p>The Kraken let out a weak cry and collapsed, slamming its upright body onto the sea surface of the inlet, causing a weak tsunami that covered the sandy beach of the inlet and leveled the ground.</p>
<p>&quot;I-it&#x27;s over...&quot;</p>
<p>I slumped down on the spot out of relief and stared at the Kraken&#x27;s figure as it began to disappear into particles of light.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, I&#x27;m tired~&quot;</p>
<p>It was somewhat easier mentally than the bosses I usually challenge with tension.</p>
<p>The Kraken&#x27;s tsunami attack, which required collective action to evade, made me feel like I was being made to play a party game that tested my reflexes.</p>
<p>&quot;This time, I feel like my compatibility with the boss was good.&quot;</p>
<p>The enchantments of the [Addition Art] sense, which enhances allies, and the Kraken&#x27;s removal of enhancement effects were not a good match for me.</p>
<p>But on the other hand, my longbow&#x27;s precision shooting from a long distance was quite a fitting way to fight against the Kraken&#x27;s weak point between the eyebrows.</p>
<p>The feeling of contributing to the battle, such as making it immobile for 30 seconds by piercing the Kraken&#x27;s weak point between the eyebrows, was very satisfying.</p>
<p>&quot;I wish I always had opponents with such good compatibility.&quot;</p>
<p>While reflecting on the battle with the Kraken alone in that way, I watched the post-boss battle processing.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s no good. The catapults are completely broken.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It can&#x27;t be helped. After being overturned by the tsunami, they were hit by tsunami attacks many times.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I think it was during the third tsunami that they were completely destroyed? Let&#x27;s bring back the remnants and information of the catapults and hand them over to Lily.&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku and the others were digging up the catapults buried in the sand by the tsunami with shovels and collecting the remains.</p>
<p>The catapults had many drawbacks in the Kraken battle and were abandoned midway.</p>
<p>However, I was thinking alone that even though the thrown objects were stone bullets, it seemed like we could do various things just by changing the things we threw, when Mew and Sei-nee approached.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan! Why are you spacing out in a place like that! Let&#x27;s play together!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Mew. No, I just thought I was a little tired.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If you&#x27;re going to rest, let&#x27;s rest together under the parasol.&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee was pointing to a corner where the parasols and sheets that had been put away before the Kraken battle had been spread out again.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Let&#x27;s do that.&quot;</p>
<p>I was invited by Mew and Sei-nee and stood up from the sandy beach, following the two.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, what did you drop from the Kraken?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Huh? Come to think of it, I haven&#x27;t checked yet.&quot;</p>
<p>I opened the menu and checked the Kraken subjugation log, and it seemed that I had obtained two items.</p>
<p>One is an important item that can be obtained as a reward for the first successful Kraken subjugation.</p>
<p></p>
<p>[Sea Emperor Squid Medal] (Important Item)</p>
<p></p>
<p>A medal made by processing the crystalline lens of the Kraken&#x27;s eyes, given only to those who have subjugated the Kraken. Constantly deactivates MOBs belonging to the Kraken and increases the success rate of item collection on the waterfront by 2%.</p>
  </body>
</html>
