<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 16</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 16</h1>
    <p>Chapter 2: The Ghost Ship and the Test of Courage</p>
<p></p>
<p>The Great White Whale, slowly circling the isolated island from the east side to the north, began to sink slowly as it returned to the offshore waters on the west side.</p>
<p>&quot;Whoa! It&#x27;s diving!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Is this the end? Then let&#x27;s transfer to Uzuki.&quot;</p>
<p>Urged by Letia, we transferred to the back of the water dragon Uzuki, which had been running alongside the Great White Whale.</p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p>The giant whale, leading dolphins and other sea creatures towards the setting sun, spouted water again, let out a cry, and submerged its body into the sea.</p>
<p>The treasure hunt around the isolated island turned out to be more adventurous than expected, but it was fun.</p>
<p>&quot;It was a fun imaginary landscape,&quot; Letia said.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m getting hungry, let&#x27;s go back to the beach house and eat crab.&quot;</p>
<p>We smiled wryly at Letia, who seemed eager to eat the crustaceans she had plundered from the whale&#x27;s mausoleum. I was tired too, and wanted to take a break.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Let&#x27;s confirm and distribute the treasures we collected at the end, and call it a day.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;We got quite a bit of treasure, and if we exchange it for money, we&#x27;ll get richer!&quot;</p>
<p>Bell and I diligently collected the dud treasure chests that had sunk to the bottom of the sea, so I think we&#x27;ll get a decent amount of money if we exchange them.</p>
<p>&quot;As the 【Materials Shop】 owner, I&#x27;d like you to prioritize the production materials.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m thinking of gem-based materials. Even so, I&#x27;ll get some money, what should I use it on? Should I go buy Fiol&#x27;s new sweets again? Or should I buy more treasure maps?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;What!? Comnessty&#x27;s new sweets! I have to buy them!&quot;</p>
<p>As Bell and I were imagining how to distribute the dud treasure chests other than the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 and how to use the money, Letia&#x27;s eyes lit up when she heard about the new sweets.</p>
<p>Seeing Letia like that, we couldn&#x27;t help but laugh as we rode on Uzuki&#x27;s back again.</p>
<p>&quot;Even so, we couldn&#x27;t continue the treasure hunt at the end, after all.&quot;</p>
<p>Riding on the back of the giant whale, we circled from the east side to the north side, and were dropped off on the west side.</p>
<p>Remembering that we had passed by the treasures along the way, I took out the bundle of maps and flipped through them.</p>
<p>I suppose we&#x27;ll have to go look for these again someday, I thought, as I flipped through the maps, remembering that there was one strange map.</p>
<p>&quot;Speaking of which...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, what&#x27;s wrong?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, I remembered that one of the maps I have is a little strange.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Strange?&quot;</p>
<p>To Emili and Bell, who tilted their heads, I took out the map that I said was strange.</p>
<p>&quot;On this map, the X marks indicating the location of the treasure disappear and reappear.&quot;</p>
<p>When I showed the map to Emili and the others, it just so happened to depict the offshore waters on the west side of the isolated island.</p>
<p>There were numbers on the map and markers indicating our position, but there were no marks indicating the location of the treasure.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, this is a time-limited map.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Time-limited? Does that mean time is a condition?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. But this number...&quot;</p>
<p>Just as Emili was peering at the map, the sun set on the western horizon, and a red marker floated on the map.</p>
<p>As we approached the marker, which appeared in a position close to the course Uzuki was taking, a white mist rose from the sea, and I felt a strange chill.</p>
<p>&quot;W-what&#x27;s that?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, I knew it was that map.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;T-that is...&quot;</p>
<p>As I wondered anxiously and asked Emili, a large black shadow emerged from the thick mist.</p>
<p>&quot;Oooooooooh...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;W-what is that!?&quot;</p>
<p>I stared in the direction of the low voice echoing from the black shadow, but I couldn&#x27;t see its true form because the mist was so thick.</p>
<p>Looking at the time-limited map, Uzuki, heading for the coast, and the X mark indicating the treasure were moving little by little, taking diverging courses.</p>
<p>And when the black shadow loomed before my eyes, I caught sight of its true form hidden in the mist.</p>
<p>&quot;A dilapidated ship?&quot;</p>
<p>The sides of the ship were covered with moss and seaweed, turning them dark green, and barnacles and starfish were attached here and there.</p>
<p>As I gradually raised my gaze, one of the three masts was broken from the middle, and tattered rags of sails hung down from the remaining two, fluttering in the wind.</p>
<p>As I looked up at the ship, I noticed a gaze directed at me with my 【Appraisal】 sense, and I turned my eyes in that direction.</p>
<p>Looking down from the edge of the ship was a skeleton with a red bandana wrapped around its head.</p>
<p>It lit a blue light in its empty eyes, and its teeth chattered.</p>
<p>And more than anything, seeing woodlice emerge from the empty skull and crawl on its surface, I felt a physiological revulsion and goosebumps rose on my skin.</p>
<p>&quot;Eek!?&quot;</p>
<p>Suppressing a scream, I reflexively stepped back, almost falling into the sea from Uzuki.</p>
<p>Emili and Letia supported me, so I didn&#x27;t fall into the sea.</p>
<p>And when I realized it, countless ghosts and moisture-laden zombie-type MOBs were looking down at us from the edge of the dilapidated ghost ship, in addition to the skeleton I had seen earlier.</p>
<p>Uzuki quietly passed by the ghost ship, avoiding it.</p>
<p>As we passed by the ghost ship, the ghost MOBs on the deck looked down at us from the edge of the ship, and during that time I couldn&#x27;t take my eyes off the ghost MOBs, and I was stiff with a pale face.</p>
<p>&quot;...Yun, we&#x27;ve passed it.&quot;</p>
<p>As we passed by the side of the ghost ship, broke through the thick fog, and the west coast of the isolated island was almost in sight, Emili tapped me on the shoulder.</p>
<p>&quot;Eh, ah, yes. Thank you, Emili.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m hungry. Let&#x27;s eat crab and take a break.&quot;</p>
<p>I thanked Emili, who had supported me so I wouldn&#x27;t fall, and I felt relieved by Letia, who was as usual despite encountering the ghost ship.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun, are you okay?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, ah, I&#x27;m okay. I was just surprised by the suddenness...&quot;</p>
<p>I said that to reassure them, but Letia wrapped her hands around mine.</p>
<p>&quot;When you&#x27;re surprised or nervous, your hands get cold. This will calm you down.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Letia, thank you.&quot;</p>
<p>I smiled at Letia&#x27;s thoughtfulness, and was able to relax.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, we&#x27;ve arrived. Let&#x27;s get off.&quot;</p>
<p>Emili and Bell got off Uzuki&#x27;s back first, and then Letia took my hand and slowly descended to the sandy beach.</p>
<p>Then, when we entered the 【Beach House】 No. 2, which is operated by the 【OSO Fisheries Cooperative】, Shichifuku, who had returned from skin diving earlier, was there.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, Yun-chan&#x27;s here. You were together with Letia-chan and the others, huh? I&#x27;ve got some 【Coral Tree】 that I harvested today... but your face looks a little pale, what&#x27;s wrong?&quot;</p>
<p>I smiled and explained to Shichifuku, who was peering at me worriedly.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, on the way back, I encountered a ghost ship, and... I was surprised...&quot;</p>
<p>When I answered that, Shichifuku understood.</p>
<p>&quot;I see. In that case, I&#x27;ll have them prepare some hot cocoa for you to calm down. I got some cocoa made from cocoa harvested on the isolated island.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll have cocoa too.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Letia-chan too, got it! Hot cocoa, two cups!&quot;</p>
<p>When Shichifuku conveyed the order in a loud voice, the guild members in charge of cooking at the 【Beach House】 prepared the hot cocoa.</p>
<p>Being worried about and taken care of by Emili and Letia felt a little new and somehow pleasant, and I took a breath and calmed down after drinking the prepared hot cocoa.</p>
<p>&quot;I feel bad. I made you worry.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Don&#x27;t worry about it. Everyone has things they&#x27;re not good at.&quot;</p>
<p>Calmed down, I distributed the results of today&#x27;s treasure hunt in the waters near the isolated island with Emili.</p>
<p>&quot;Everyone went treasure hunting, huh? That&#x27;s right, I got some 【Coral Tree】 as a souvenir for Yun-chan, so take it with you.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Wow, thank you. Then, I&#x27;ll take it without hesitation. Emili, you need it too, right?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, I&#x27;ll take a little.&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku took out the 【Coral Tree】 that he had harvested in exchange for the potion fee, and I shared it with Emili.</p>
<p>The distribution of treasure hunting items was decided without any trouble, and when I was about to hand over Letia and Bell&#x27;s share of the treasure, Letia and Bell were taking out crabs.</p>
<p>&quot;Here. This is Letia and Bell&#x27;s share.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Please put it there. Shichifuku-san, can you cook these crabs?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh! These are fine crabs! But how should I cook them?&quot;</p>
<p>Letia and Bell took out the crabs they had harvested from the Great White Whale&#x27;s mausoleum and consulted with Shichifuku about the cooking.</p>
<p>&quot;Crab hot pot, crab sashimi, boiled crab, crab shabu-shabu... Hey, Yun-chan. How do you think I should cook these crabs?&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku seemed to have come up with several crab dishes, but he couldn&#x27;t think of any more variations, so he asked me.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm. For crab, how about gratin, crab cream croquettes, crab omelet with sauce, or crab fried rice?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;They all sound delicious.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, I&#x27;ll look up those recipes and have our cooking team make them. However, it seems like it will take time to make them, so it&#x27;s impossible today.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...Is that so?&quot;</p>
<p>While Bell was calming Letia, who was disappointed, she was handing her cookies.</p>
<p>A familiar player came to the 【Beach House】 which was bustling and fun.</p>
<p>&quot;Shichifuku-kun, I have something to discuss with you, is that okay? ...Oh, Yun-kun and Emili-chan are here too. Good evening.&quot;</p>
<p>Magi-san, who had business with Shichifuku and came to the 【Beach House】, found us and greeted us.</p>
<p>&quot;Magi-san, good evening.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Magi-san, welcome. What&#x27;s up today?&quot;</p>
<p>We returned the greeting to Magi-san, and Shichifuku asked Magi-san about the matter.</p>
<p>Magi-san remembered the original matter and started consulting with Shichifuku.</p>
<p>&quot;Actually, there are some materials I want, and I came to consult with you to see if you have them.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Is it a material from the isolated island area? Anyway, can you tell me?&quot;</p>
<p>We pricked up our ears to Magi-san and Shichifuku&#x27;s conversation.</p>
<p>&quot;I want two materials for making accessories, 【Coral Tree】 and 【Ectoplasm Clay】, but do you have them?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, about the 【Coral Tree】... I gave all the ones I harvested at Yun-chan&#x27;s request as souvenirs. So, I&#x27;ll harvest them again next time I go fishing.&quot;</p>
<p>Shichifuku, scratching the back of his head as if in trouble, explained to Magi-san while looking at me.</p>
<p>Magi-san also turned to me, so I proposed to Magi-san.</p>
<p>&quot;Magi-san, if you want, would you like me to share some 【Coral Tree】?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Really!? Thank you, Yun-kun! I&#x27;ll buy it at a slightly higher price than the market price!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s okay about the money. More than that, what about the 【Ectoplasm Clay】 you were talking about earlier? Can you tell me about that material?&quot;</p>
<p>I&#x27;m more interested in the new material that Magi-san mentioned than getting money from Magi-san, who always takes care of me.</p>
<p>&quot;Is that okay? If you wait a little longer, you&#x27;ll get the real thing and understand how to use it.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s okay. Besides, Emili should also want to know as a 【Materials Shop】 owner, right?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, I&#x27;m interested in new materials, and I think I can help collect materials if Magi-san needs them.&quot;</p>
<p>Magi-san, at our expectant words, muttered that she understood, and took out a yellowish distorted lump from her inventory.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s the real 【Ectoplasm Clay】.&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Magi-san tore off the yellowish lump into two pieces and handed one each to me and Emili.</p>
<p>&quot;This is 【Ectoplasm Clay】... it&#x27;s like clay.&quot;</p>
<p>I kneaded and stretched the yellowish clay in my hand to confirm.</p>
<p>As clay, I wondered if it was lighter than the clay for pottery or the mithril ceramic used for the exterior of Magi-san&#x27;s 【Karakuri Magic Doll】 Luf, and asked Magi-san.</p>
<p>&quot;Magi-san, what kind of properties does this have, and what can it be used for?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, it dissolves and disappears into the air when heated.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then, isn&#x27;t it a material that&#x27;s not suitable for making accessories?&quot;</p>
<p>Emili voiced that question at Magi-san&#x27;s explanation.</p>
<p>Certainly, Magi-san, who is a production job of blacksmithing and crafting, processes metals using furnaces and the like.</p>
<p>It seemed that a material that disappears when heated would be useless to Magi-san, but Magi-san denied it.</p>
<p>&quot;Actually, that&#x27;s not true. For example, you can make metal clay by mixing metal powder with 【Ectoplasm Clay】 and water.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, that&#x27;s amazing! You can make decorative accessories that were difficult to make until now.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. If you bake the shaped metal clay, the 【Ectoplasm Clay】 part dissolves into the air, and the remaining metal powders melt and bond together to make accessories!&quot;</p>
<p>If it&#x27;s metal clay, you can make shapes more flexibly than with conventional accessory making.</p>
<p>However, when baking, the volume of the 【Ectoplasm Clay】 decreases and shrinks, so it seems that it is necessary to make it larger when making it.</p>
<p>&quot;Huh, hearing that, it seems like it can be used for various things. So where can you get this 【Ectoplasm Clay】?&quot;</p>
<p>Emili nodded as if impressed, and asked Magi-san where to get it.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s a drop from the ghost MOBs on the ghost ship--&quot;Eek!?&quot;--</p>
<p>I brought my face closer to check the smell of the 【Ectoplasm Clay】.</p>
<p>Just then, I heard the identity of the material and accidentally dropped it on the table.</p>
<p>&quot;Sorry. I didn&#x27;t mean to scare you, but it was disgusting, wasn&#x27;t it?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;N-no... it&#x27;s not Magi-san&#x27;s fault.&quot;</p>
<p>I picked up the 【Ectoplasm Clay】 that I had dropped on the table, and Emili asked Magi-san for more details about how to obtain it.</p>
<p>&quot;A ghost ship, is it a ghost ship that appears on a time-limited basis?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. The ghost ship recorded on the Pirate King&#x27;s map. Do you know about it too?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;We just passed it a little while ago. And, that...&quot;</p>
<p>Emili&#x27;s gaze, which was vague, turned to me, and Magi-san realized what had happened just from that.</p>
<p>I became distant, thinking that the place to get the 【Ectoplasm Clay】 was the ghost ship.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, you can leave the materials that Yun-kun is not good at collecting to me and Emili-chan.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Yun-kun doesn&#x27;t need to worry about it.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Y-yes. Well... I probably can&#x27;t help. Sorry.&quot;</p>
<p>I was also going to help collect materials until I knew the identity of the 【Ectoplasm Clay】, but when it came to ghost ships, I hesitated a little.</p>
<p>I thought it would be impossible to collect 【Ectoplasm Clay】 on my own, and I sighed inwardly and logged out that day.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>Several days after treasure hunting with Emili and the others in the waters near the isolated island, on Friday night.</p>
<p>While there were many people logging into OSO late at night because it was the weekend, for some reason I was standing on the deck of the ghost ship that I hated so much.</p>
<p>&quot;How did this happen--Oooooooooh--Eek!?&quot;</p>
<p>Along with my mutter, ghost-type MOBs appeared from the thick fog that spread around the ghost ship.</p>
<p>Immediately after that, they were immediately defeated by the players gathered on the deck, and the deck returned to silence.</p>
<p>&quot;Somehow, I feel a little sorry for them being defeated immediately after they respawn.&quot;</p>
<p>Seeing the ghost-type MOBs, pirate zombies, and skeletons, which originally threatened players and spread status abnormalities such as 【Confusion】, being defeated immediately after they appeared, I felt indescribable.</p>
<p>&quot;Come on, Yun Onee-chan. Let&#x27;s line up in order!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan, we&#x27;re here with you, so it&#x27;s okay.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, Myuu, Sei Nee...&quot;</p>
<p>I gave Myuu and Sei Nee a slightly resentful look.</p>
<p>The beginning of it all was the 【Ectoplasm Clay】 that I learned from Magi-san the other day.</p>
<p>The ghost-type MOBs that drop 【Ectoplasm Clay】 appear on the time-limited ghost ship, but they are not very strong.</p>
<p>However, compared to the low difficulty of obtaining 【Ectoplasm Clay】, the amount obtained is small because the time and area range of the time-limited ghost ship are limited.</p>
<p>In such a situation, players gathered on the ghost ship, defeated the enemy MOBs, waited for them to respawn, and repeated the hunt, resulting in a state where there were no enemy MOBs on the ghost ship at all times.</p>
<p>It seems that someone who saw the ghost ship without enemy MOBs muttered this.</p>
<p>&quot;This is a good place for a test of courage.&quot;</p>
<p>The players waiting for respawn on the ghost ship where no one was, replaced the enemy MOBs and voluntarily became the scare actors, which is the beginning of the test of courage on this ghost ship.</p>
<p>Led by Myuu and Sei Nee, who were attracted to it, I am here now.</p>
<p>&quot;Really, I want to go home already... If you&#x27;re going to do a test of courage, you should go with Rucato and the others.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ve already gone with Luca-chan and the others, and it was fun.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then why are you coming again?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The players who scare you are different every time, so you can enjoy it no matter how many times you come. Besides, when people with good reactions come, the scare actors get motivated.&quot;</p>
<p>I am in the worst mood, while Myuu, who is in a good mood from the start, is in a good mood.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, Yun-chan. If you&#x27;re scared, can you hold my hand?&quot;</p>
<p>Sei Nee, who knows that I don&#x27;t like ghosts or tests of courage, always helps me quietly, so I think she&#x27;s reliable.</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, Sei Nee, thank you. By the way, why did Sei Nee come with us?&quot;</p>
<p>When I asked, Sei Nee gave a troubled smile.</p>
<p>&quot;Actually, there is a 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 on this ghost ship that I want. However, I can&#x27;t get the 【Treasure Map】 that corresponds to that item...&quot;</p>
<p>Sei Nee seems to have not been able to get the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map】 with her usual desire sensor.</p>
<p>&quot;If you had told me, I would have given you the map of this place. Rather, if I had it, I would feel like I was cursed, so I would want you to take it even if I had to pay you.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well... so, Myuu-chan offered to give me the map, but instead, she invited me to the test of courage like this.&quot;</p>
<p>And, Myuu wants to enjoy the attraction called the test of courage with me and Sei Nee, and when I am told that, I think I will endure this time.</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right! Yun Onee-chan is prohibited from using the 【Appraisal】 and 【Eye of the Sky】 senses.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Huh!? Why!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Because if you immediately see through the gimmicks of the scare actors with 【Appraisal】, or if you can see well inside the ghost ship with the night vision ability of 【Eye of the Sky】, it won&#x27;t be interesting.&quot;</p>
<p>Wouldn&#x27;t that mean that I should experience stronger fear?</p>
<p>However, I am reluctantly participating in the test of courage, but I think it is a problem to do something that goes against the purpose, so I change the equipment sense.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Possessed SP Sense Points 33</p>
<p>【Magic Bow Lv30】【Strength Lv5】【Agility Lv36】【Magic Power Lv38】【Earth Attribute Talent Lv22】【Addition Art Master Lv16】</p>
<p>【Telekinesis Lv18】【Accessory Master Lv7】【Cook Lv23】【Alchemy Lv13】【Swimming Lv24】【Mental Resistance Lv15】</p>
<p>Reserve</p>
<p>【Bow Lv55】【Longbow Lv45】【Eye of the Sky Lv35】【Appraisal Lv45】【Pharmacist Lv31】【Training Lv44】</p>
<p>【Linguistics Lv28】【Mountaineering Lv21】【Production Job Knowledge Lv35】【Physical Resistance Lv5】【Stealth Lv7】</p>
<p>【Preemptive Knowledge Lv17】【Vital Point Knowledge Lv15】【Fishing Lv10】</p>
  </body>
</html>
