<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 17</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 17</h1>
    <p>&quot;Sense Changed&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, let&#x27;s go on the haunted house course!&quot;</p>
<p>And so, I, along with Miu and Sei-nee, ventured into the haunted house attraction on this ghost ship in order to obtain the hidden [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].</p>
<p>&quot;Miu, Miu... it already feels like there&#x27;s an atmosphere.&quot;</p>
<p>Right from the entrance, it was dark enough to obscure the view, and the damp, heavy air and fishy smell assaulted my nose.</p>
<p>A player stood at the entrance, managing the order of entry for the haunted house.</p>
<p>&quot;This is the entrance to the ship. Instead of using magic for light, you can enjoy it more by using our rental lanterns and spare fuel.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, they didn&#x27;t have lantern rentals last time, so they&#x27;ve improved it.&quot;</p>
<p>Miu was impressed as she received a lantern and lit it.</p>
<p>Compared to magical light, the faint orange glow illuminated the darkness inside the ship, but the flickering flame created moving shadows that unsettled the heart.</p>
<p>&quot;Come on, let&#x27;s go.&quot;</p>
<p>Miu walked ahead, and I gripped Sei-nee&#x27;s hand as we entered the ship.</p>
<p>&quot;Eek!? W-what was that!?&quot;</p>
<p>Then, a faint breeze and cold air brushed against our feet, causing me to stop, and Miu looked back.</p>
<p>&quot;The classic wind and cold air. It&#x27;s an effect to make it seem like a ghost passed by. This part is the same as before.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan, if it gets really bad, you can log out, okay?&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee consoled me as I clung to her arm, and we proceeded, relying on the light of the lantern.</p>
<p>&quot;Ugh, there&#x27;s seaweed and sea creatures stuck in places, and it&#x27;s damp, so it&#x27;s slippery.&quot;</p>
<p>With each step, the wood-paneled floor, damaged by seawater, creaked, and the entire ghost ship groaned.</p>
<p>&quot;This ghost ship appears to rise from the sea at night, so that&#x27;s probably why seaweed and things like that get inside.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I didn&#x27;t realize because there was fog when it appeared, but so that&#x27;s how it is.&quot;</p>
<p>Somehow, thinking about the ghost ship&#x27;s setting and appearance made me feel a little better.</p>
<p>And as we proceeded, the floor creaking with each step, at one point──</p>
<p>&quot;!? Hey, was there one extra footstep just now!?&quot;</p>
<p>As we walked, there was one extra creaking footstep, and even when we stopped and looked back, no one was there.</p>
<p>&quot;Ehh, it&#x27;s just your imagination~&quot;</p>
<p>Miu and Sei-nee, knowing that this was the work of the scare actors, said with fake innocence and smirks.</p>
<p>I understood that it was a classic haunted house effect, but there was still unseen terror.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s okay. They&#x27;re probably hiding with the &lt;Stealth&gt; skill, &lt;Shadow Dive&gt;, or something. It&#x27;s──Kyaa!?&quot;</p>
<p>I gave a plausible reason for the extra footsteps to reassure myself, but immediately after, I jumped back in surprise as a pile of tattered wooden boxes collapsed in the passage.</p>
<p>&quot;I wonder if Yun-chan used her &lt;Telekinesis&gt; sense to move them and knock them over from a distance.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Sei-oneechan. Let&#x27;s save the revealing of tricks for later.&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee revealed the trick to reassure me, but for me, I was being surprised repeatedly, and my heart was pounding.</p>
<p>Then, as we proceeded through the passage, we passed a party coming from the opposite direction, having already retrieved the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].</p>
<p>&quot;Good evening. Um, are you alright?&quot;</p>
<p>A party of two, a man and a woman, greeted us and looked concerned.</p>
<p>They probably thought I was very scared because I was gripping Sei-nee&#x27;s hand, completely stiff.</p>
<p>&quot;Y-yes, I&#x27;m fine... hahaha...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, please be careful. At least you can be sure that there won&#x27;t be any attacks from the players.&quot;</p>
<p>We saw off the two who gave us advice, and we proceeded.</p>
<p>Then, as we slowly moved through the passage, we reflexively looked back at the sound of something falling behind us.</p>
<p>&quot;Eek!?&quot;</p>
<p>There was something that hadn&#x27;t been there when we passed through the passage──a blood-stained, curved sword had fallen, and I involuntarily gasped and stiffened.</p>
<p>There were countless other scare points as well.</p>
<p>&quot;Uwaa!? What is it!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kyaa!?&quot;</p>
<p>It was too dark to see clearly, but something like konjac, suspended by a thin thread, touched the back of my and Sei-nee&#x27;s necks.</p>
<p>We instinctively brushed off the cold, slimy thing that touched our necks, and we screamed.</p>
<p>&quot;They have classic scare tactics too. It&#x27;s been a while since I&#x27;ve heard Sei-oneechan&#x27;s cute scream.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Muu, Miu-chan.&quot;</p>
<p>I felt a sense of peace as I watched Sei-nee puff out her cheeks, teased by Miu.</p>
<p>Besides that──</p>
<p>&quot;Vaaaaaaah──!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Uwaa, that&#x27;s a player dressed as a ghost, isn&#x27;t it.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Should we just run through here!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Right. Watch your step──&quot;</p>
<p>We reached a passage where players dressed as ghosts wandered aimlessly, stuck their upper bodies out of barrels and wooden boxes to reach out their hands, or lay on the floor pretending to be dead and got up when you approached.</p>
<p>We held hands and ran through as quickly as possible, trying not to look at the ghosts.</p>
<p>Because I ran through with Miu and Sei-nee, I gradually became unsure whether I felt scared or happy, and I repeated deep breaths to calm myself down.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, it&#x27;s okay, okay?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Miu, thank you.&quot;</p>
<p>I repeated deep breaths, and as I was comforted by Miu and Sei-nee, we proceeded towards the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] at the end of the ship.</p>
<p>On the way, we encountered trouble.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, what? The lantern light is...&quot;</p>
<p>The flame of the flickering lantern gradually became smaller and then went out, plunging the area into darkness.</p>
<p>&quot;The light went out here!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s okay. We got spare fuel at the entrance, so the light will come back on soon.&quot;</p>
<p>As Miu said that, the sound of her putting fuel into the lantern began to echo around us.</p>
<p>I felt relieved that the light would come on soon, and I held Sei-nee&#x27;s hand even in the darkness.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright, I&#x27;m going to turn on the light.&quot;</p>
<p>Then, the instant the light came on, something cold and sticky wrapped around my and Sei-nee&#x27;s feet.</p>
<p>&quot;──I won&#x27;t let you escape.&quot;</p>
<p>A ghost with matted long hair and waxy white skin appeared from our feet, grabbed my and Sei-nee&#x27;s ankles with icy hands, and looked up at us.</p>
<p>&quot;Eek, kyaaaaaaaah!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;!? This!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, Sei-oneechan!&quot;</p>
<p>I collapsed on the spot as if my legs had given way, and Sei-nee, with a stiff expression, reflexively tried to beat down the ghost with her weapon, a staff, while Miu, who had turned around, also swung her sword.</p>
<p>&quot;Kyahahahahaha──!&quot;</p>
<p>However, the ghost released our feet, moved in a slimy, unpleasant way, and fled into the darkness at the end of the passage, leaving behind a grating laugh.</p>
<p>&quot;Haa haa... I thought I was okay with ghosts... but when it actually happens, it&#x27;s quite something.&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee seemed mentally exhausted, leaning on her staff and catching her breath.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-oneechan, Sei-oneechan, are you okay?&quot;</p>
<p>I, who had collapsed in fear, didn&#x27;t let go of the hand I was holding with Sei-nee, and told the two in a tearful voice.</p>
<p>&quot;Miu, Sei-nee...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;What&#x27;s wrong, Yun-chan?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;...My legs gave out, and I can&#x27;t move.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Staff! Please guide us to the retreat space! Staff!&quot;</p>
<p>At my pathetic voice, Miu immediately shouted loudly towards the darkness of the passage.</p>
<p>Then, the white-skinned ghost who had run off earlier quickly returned.</p>
<p>&quot;Eep──&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh my, I guess I scared you quite a bit. I&#x27;m sorry, I&#x27;ll guide you to a place where you can rest.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh, ah, yes...&quot;</p>
<p>The female player playing the role of the ghost with long hair and wet, white skin makeup guided us with a bright voice that was completely different from the low, chilling voice we had heard earlier.</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan, can you stand?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Um, I&#x27;ve calmed down a little. I&#x27;m okay.&quot;</p>
<p>My legs and back were still wobbly, but supported by Sei-nee, I was guided by the scare actor to what seemed like a rest area.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;This is the safe zone inside the ship. You can rest here.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, thank you very much.&quot;</p>
<p>We were led to a corner of the damp ship and seated on wooden boxes.</p>
<p>The safe zone inside the ghost ship was bright and well-lit, so it didn&#x27;t feel scary.</p>
<p>&quot;Here. Have some tea and calm down.&quot;</p>
<p>I nodded lightly, accepted the warm tea, and as I drank it, the tension eased.</p>
<p>&quot;Um, I&#x27;m sorry for the trouble.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, I&#x27;m the one who&#x27;s sorry for going too far. We&#x27;re planning to stop this haunted house soon.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh!? It&#x27;s so interesting though!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu raised her voice, and the ghost actor smiled awkwardly.</p>
<p>&quot;Right now, haunted houses are being positively received, but we&#x27;ve been told that it&#x27;s not much different from area control.&quot;</p>
<p>Even though there were few who had reached the isolated island area, clearing out the MOBs of the ghost ship, which was a part of it, and doing a haunted house there was equivalent to occupying the area.</p>
<p>Miu, realizing this, let out a small sound, and Sei-nee, who seemed to have considered the possibility, nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>&quot;So, we&#x27;re planning to withdraw soon.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It was interesting, but it&#x27;s a shame...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;But, we&#x27;ve decided to create a guild with the people who got hooked on being the scare actors in this incident. The guild name is [Ghost Right]. We&#x27;ll use our senses and skills to surprise people. We&#x27;re planning to build a guild home and turn it into a haunted house, so please come visit.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll definitely go with my friends!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Miu replied cheerfully to the ghost actor who winked with her ghost makeup.</p>
<p>The new guild, whose core members were players who had reached this isolated island area, would likely have the strength and wealth to come to the isolated island area.</p>
<p>I, whose expression stiffened at the thought of a haunted house that would be several times scarier than the haunted house using the ghost ship, vowed never to go.</p>
<p>&quot;So, what was your purpose for coming? Did you come because you heard about the haunted house?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Um, we came to the haunted house while we were here to retrieve the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then, I&#x27;ll guide you. This way.&quot;</p>
<p>As I calmed down, the ghost actor guided us to the ship&#x27;s room where the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] was located.</p>
<p>&quot;Here. This is it.&quot;</p>
<p>The room in the ghost ship that the ghost actor led us to was flooded with seawater up to our ankles, and a treasure chest was placed on a pedestal in the room.</p>
<p>&quot;Speaking of which, Yun-chan also has the treasure map. What should we do? Should Yun-chan open it first?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh!? Is that okay?&quot;</p>
<p>While I was hesitating, Sei-nee smiled and offered it to me.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m fine with later. I can come back to get it next time.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Sei-nee, thank you.&quot;</p>
<p>I thanked Sei-nee and opened the treasure chest.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Richie Goldhand [Accessory] (Weight: 2)</p>
<p></p>
<p>LUK +10 Additional Effect: [Increased Drop Rate (Medium)]</p>
<p>&#x27;This is my 72nd secret treasure. I heard a story about a treasure that turns everything it touches into gold and stole it, but it was a complete fake. But, it&#x27;s not bad as a lucky charm. Plus, the bad taste is pirate-like and I like it.&#x27;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The item taken out of the treasure chest was a pendant top modeled after a human hand clutching a pure gold skull.</p>
<p>I looked at the accessory I had obtained while reading through the usual Pirate King&#x27;s flavor text.</p>
<p>It certainly had a pirate-like, tasteless design, but it was a witty accessory that combined the undead lich and the rich rich.</p>
<p>&quot;Sei-oneechan, did you want this?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s not really my style, but I thought I&#x27;d get it as a good luck charm.&quot;</p>
<p>Miu made a suggestion to Sei-nee, who said that and smiled self-deprecatingly.</p>
<p>&quot;Then, why don&#x27;t we go look for the 40th [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] next time? You can get an item called [Fortune Slip] there.&quot;</p>
<p>[Fortune Slip] seemed to be an item of the omikuji type.</p>
<p>You can draw a lot only once a day, and there are 7 types of results: &#x27;Excellent Luck&#x27;, &#x27;Good Luck&#x27;, &#x27;Small Luck&#x27;, &#x27;Luck&#x27;, &#x27;Moderate Luck&#x27;, &#x27;Bad Luck&#x27;, and &#x27;Terrible Luck&#x27;.</p>
<p>Depending on the result, it seems to be a kind of gambling item that gives the player a positive effect or, conversely, a negative effect.</p>
<p>However, it doesn&#x27;t seem to be that powerful, just a convenient effect.</p>
<p>&quot;Sounds good. Let&#x27;s definitely go look for it.&quot;</p>
<p>As Sei-nee accepted Miu&#x27;s proposal, the ghost actor who had guided us looked at us with a gentle smile.</p>
<p>&quot;You&#x27;ve achieved your goal safely. I&#x27;m going to scare the next person, but are you going home as is?&quot;</p>
<p>The ghost actor, who offered to contact us via friend communication so that we wouldn&#x27;t be scared on the way back, was considerate, and I muttered a small word.</p>
<p>&quot;I might want the production material [Ectoplasm Clay].&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;You mean the drop material from [Blitz Ghost]. The respawn rate is low, and the players helping with the haunted house on the ship are defeating them. If you can meet them, try negotiating directly... Ah, the next person is coming! See you later!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, the ghost actor ran off to welcome the next player who came to the haunted house.</p>
<p>&quot;For now, I want to negotiate to get the [Blitz Ghost] drop item, so will you help me find them?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Okay! It&#x27;s an extension of the haunted house!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, it&#x27;s not.&quot;</p>
<p>I gave a sidelong glance and retorted, but Miu started walking ahead without paying attention.</p>
<p>Sei-nee chuckled at Miu&#x27;s behavior, and we started searching the dimly lit ghost ship for players who were defeating [Blitz Ghost].</p>
<p>Perhaps our story had been conveyed, as the scare actors of the haunted house who passed us waved cheerfully and told us where the players defeating [Blitz Ghost] were located, but──</p>
<p>&quot;Wait a minute! Why can&#x27;t we find the player who&#x27;s defeating [Blitz Ghost]!&quot;</p>
<p>They told us where the player was, but when we moved to that location, they were already gone and had moved to another location.</p>
<p>We chased after the player who was probably running around inside the ship, but we couldn&#x27;t catch up, and as a result, we had made a complete circle around the ghost ship.</p>
<p>&quot;What&#x27;s with this horror situation where we can&#x27;t meet the player who&#x27;s supposed to be here?&quot;</p>
<p>A player who defeats MOBs without showing their face is a little too scary.</p>
<p>&quot;Could it be that we&#x27;re passing each other?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Muu, Sei-oneechan, Yun-oneechan. Let&#x27;s split up and corner them! I&#x27;m going to expose their identity no matter what!&quot;</p>
<p>Huh? Is the story changing in that direction this time? As I thought that, Miu started running, and Sei-nee and I hurriedly chased after her.</p>
<p>&quot;Miu! Where are you going!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If we run around randomly, we&#x27;ll meet them! Even if we don&#x27;t meet them, if we defeat [Blitz Ghost] before the other party, Yun-oneechan can get the item she wants!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Miu used her &lt;Three-Dimensional Freedom&gt; sense to kick off the creaking ship&#x27;s floor and walls and run in a three-dimensional way.</p>
<p>Sei-nee and I stopped chasing her halfway through.</p>
<p>&quot;Miu&#x27;s gone, but what do you want to do, Sei-nee?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, should we go down to the lower level and set up an ambush? Plus, the treasure chest with the [Richie Goldhand] that I gave to Yun-chan earlier might have respawned.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. It doesn&#x27;t seem like we&#x27;ll catch Miu or the player, so let&#x27;s do that.&quot;</p>
<p>On the way to the lower level of the ghost ship, Sei-nee and I happened to encounter the [Blitz Ghost] that had respawned.</p>
<p>We immediately defeated it and dropped one [Ectoplasm Clay] each.</p>
<p>&quot;Here. I&#x27;ll give my share to Yun-chan.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Sei-nee, thank you.&quot;</p>
<p>With a small, happy incident, Sei-nee and I returned to the place where the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure] had been.</p>
<p>The treasure chest had respawned due to the passage of time after we had gone around the ship, and Sei-nee, who had the treasure map, opened the treasure chest and retrieved the [Pirate King&#x27;s Secret Treasure].</p>
<p>&quot;Now you and I have matching accessories.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, it&#x27;s a tasteless one, though.&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee and I smiled at each other, and just as we had retrieved the ghost ship&#x27;s treasure, Miu&#x27;s voice was heard from the passage.</p>
<p>&quot;Wait up!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Miu&#x27;s voice! Wait, what!?&quot;</p>
<p>When I heard Miu&#x27;s voice and jumped out into the passage, a player wearing a black cloak was approaching.</p>
<p>Behind them, Miu was kicking off the floor and walls to chase after them, and the player who was being chased couldn&#x27;t stop suddenly because they were running at full speed down the corridor.</p>
<p>Furthermore, the lower level of the ghost ship was slippery because it was soaked with seawater, and a collision with me, who had jumped out into the corridor, was unavoidable.</p>
<p>The black-cloaked player, judging that a collision was inevitable, threw away the long sword they were holding to the side and fell down as if entangled with me.</p>
<p>&quot;It hurts... but maybe not.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yun-chan, are you okay!?&quot;</p>
<p>Sei-nee, who was behind me and had avoided colliding with the black-cloaked player, called out to us as we fell.</p>
<p>The black-cloaked player instinctively embraced my body and twisted their body to switch positions.</p>
<p>As a result, I was spared from being slammed into the ship&#x27;s floor, but I squirmed at the feeling of being tightly embraced as their arms were strongly wrapped around me to hold me.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s a little tight, let go of me.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Sorry! I couldn&#x27;t stop suddenly, are you hurt?&quot;</p>
<p>I heard a familiar voice from the black-cloaked player who was supporting me, and Sei-nee and I stopped moving.</p>
<p>Then, Miu, who had caught up, said &quot;Secured!&quot; and grabbed the black-cloaked player.</p>
<p>The black-cloaked player released my body, slowly raised their upper body, and took off the hood of the cloak to reveal their face.</p>
<p>&quot;I don&#x27;t know what&#x27;s going on, but Miu-chan suddenly started chasing me, what&#x27;s happening?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;&quot;Taku (kun)!?&quot;&quot;</p>
<p>While Sei-nee and I were surprised, Miu seemed to have realized that the person was Taku while chasing them, and she was more happy than surprised to have caught them.</p>
<p>&quot;Um, why is Taku here?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I came to secure [Ectoplasm Clay], which seems to be in high demand. I was also helping with the haunted house.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;But Taku-kun doesn&#x27;t usually wear a cloak, does he...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;If I showed myself defeating the MOBs that respawned during the haunted house, it would ruin the atmosphere, so I was hiding with a cloak of [Recognition Interference] to defeat them.&quot;</p>
<p>Taku answered my and Sei-nee&#x27;s questions while taking off the cloak that had gotten wet when he fell on the flooded floor.</p>
<p>&quot;The ghost&#x27;s true identity has been revealed! The mysterious player who was secretly cleaning up the ship was Taku-san! Yeah, I feel refreshed!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I was being chased for that?&quot;</p>
<p>Taku smiled bitterly at Miu&#x27;s words.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, it&#x27;s almost time for the ghost ship to disappear, so let&#x27;s get out of here.&quot;</p>
<p>Immediately after Taku said that, the ghost ship shook greatly, and the sound of the ship creaking echoed.</p>
<p>&quot;W-what is it!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;The ghost ship rises to the surface of the sea at 6 PM in the evening, and then it&#x27;s slowly dragged into the sea by a kraken around 2 AM in the middle of the night and disappears.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Seriously!?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Seriously. So, let&#x27;s get out of here for now!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, we ran towards the deck of the ghost ship as seawater gradually entered the ship from the lower part and the water level rose.</p>
<p>&quot;After the horror of the haunted house, it&#x27;s an escape from the sinking ship!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, well, this time is also a kind of bonus time!&quot;</p>
<p>The players who had come to this ghost ship every day as scare actors for the haunted house were preparing for evacuation and withdrawal in a familiar manner.</p>
<p>Then, in conjunction with the sinking of the ghost ship, the defeated enemy MOBs all respawned at once to interfere with the escaping players.</p>
<p>This created a sense of tension in the escape from the ghost ship that was being sunk by the kraken.</p>
<p>&quot;Hahaha, it&#x27;s the last harvest of [Blitz Ghost]! ──Sonic Edge!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I won&#x27;t lose either! ──Sol Ray!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu and Taku jumped out into the passage and used arts and magic to defeat the enemy MOBs that were popping out, creating an escape route.</p>
<p>&quot;What should I say... it&#x27;s a great sense of security.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hahaha, well, yeah.&quot;</p>
<p>When I muttered with a subtle expression, Sei-nee, who was also running to escape, gave a wry smile.</p>
<p>Then, we, who had escaped to the deck of the ship, took out a boat equipped with a MOB-type engine that we had used to move the ghost ship from the isolated island from our inventory and jumped on it together.</p>
<p>We steered the boat to keep our distance so as not to be caught up in the sinking of the ghost ship, which was being wrapped by the kraken&#x27;s tentacles.</p>
<p>In addition to us, players who had escaped from the ghost ship were fleeing one after another, watching the ghost ship sink.</p>
<p>When the kraken, which dragged the ghost ship to the bottom of the sea, made contact with the ship with its tentacles and put its weight on it, the ship gradually tilted and sank.</p>
<p>At that time, MOBs such as zombies and ghosts echoed groans from the entire ship, and the voices became smaller as the ship sank.</p>
<p>Then, as a trace of the ghost ship sinking, the dark sea bubbled violently, and that gradually subsided as well.</p>
<p>The kraken reflected a white shadow in the sea and swam towards the south, stirring up the surface of the sea, and disappeared.</p>
<p>&quot;I wonder where the kraken is going. Does it appear in the sea area or sink pirate ships and ghost ships?&quot;</p>
<p>Taku continued to stare at the direction of the south where the kraken had gone in response to my mutterings.</p>
<p>&quot;The kraken that appears as an event boss or production in the sea area cannot be defeated, but only at the kraken&#x27;s habitat on the isolated island south side can you fight it as a raid boss.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, is that so.&quot;</p>
<p>I, who gave a disinterested reply, had a bad feeling.</p>
<p>Miu, who was standing up vigorously on the narrow boat where there was no place to escape, declared.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s settle the score with the kraken that we were defeated by in the [Sea Area] before! Let&#x27;s do it, Yun-oneechan, Sei-oneechan!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I knew it would come to this!&quot;</p>
<p>I was added to the battle members by Miu, who was as excited as she was about today&#x27;s haunted house.</p>
<p>Taku gave me one piece of information about me, who wasn&#x27;t so excited.</p>
<p>&quot;According to the Shichifuku who defeated the kraken, it seems that you can get an item that makes the enemy MOBs in the [Sea Area] non-aggressive. Also, as a secondary effect, the success rate of item acquisition in the waters seems to increase by 2%.&quot;</p>
<p>It was probably an item like the [Medal of the Land Emperor Turtle] that I had obtained when I cleared the Grand Rock&#x27;s body dungeon, which was a super-dreadnought MOB before.</p>
<p>If the success rate of acquiring items in the waters increases by 2%, does that mean that the success rate of [fishing] and other things will also increase in addition to gathering and mining?</p>
<p>Above all, if we weren&#x27;t attacked when we encountered enemy MOBs in the [Sea Area], we could thoroughly investigate the waters that we had been passing through to reach the isolated island area.</p>
<p>&quot;I understand. I&#x27;ll help as much as I can.&quot;</p>
<p>In this way, I decided to challenge the raid boss kraken at the end of the haunted house.</p>
  </body>
</html>
