<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 14</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 14</h1>
    <p>&quot;Rui, Pomegranate. Sorry, but I really can&#x27;t take you guys out on the sea. --《Return》&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I&#x27;m about to ride Uzuki, Letia&#x27;s water dragon, to the place where the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 is hidden, but there&#x27;s no room to take my summoned MOBs, Rui and Pomegranate, so I return them to their summoning stones.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ah, just when we needed some fluffy support...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bell raises a sad voice as we&#x27;re about to head out with Letia and the others to search for the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 hidden near the isolated island.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And Bell, dejected, clings to the neck of the water dragon Uzuki, rubbing her cheek against it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, let&#x27;s go. Uzuki, please.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Uzuki, carrying us on its back, lets out a shrill cry and heads out to sea.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The route is to go counterclockwise around the island&#x27;s perimeter, starting from the west side of the isolated island, right?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yes. After confirming, there were treasures that were easier to invade from the sea than from land.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Uzuki, carrying us, advances towards the first destination according to Letia&#x27;s instructions.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;How do you clear the first 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 we&#x27;re aiming for?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Um, that would be treasure number 94. The trial seems to involve a pedestal and a chained iron ball submerged in the sea. You have to move the iron ball to the pedestal.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Then, it&#x27;s my turn right away.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>As I take off my sun-shielding hoodie and store it in my inventory, Bell stands up, motivated.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Nyanya! I acquired the 【Swimming】 skill, so I won&#x27;t lose to Yun!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Then, let&#x27;s leave it to the two of you.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Emiri-san and Letia look at me and Bell, who are both motivated, with a smile.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And I hand Bell a potion in preparation for underwater activities.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;If so, Bell, you should drink this before swimming.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, what is this?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s a potion of underwater breathing. If you drink this, your underwater activity time will be extended, and the work should be easier.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;ll gratefully use it.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Uzuki must have arrived at the place where the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 is hidden, as it stops at one spot.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell gulp down the 【Breathing Potion】 in one go, then jump into the sea from Uzuki&#x27;s back.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Swimming straight towards the seabed, there was something like a pedestal made of black stone on the white sandy bottom at a depth of 5 meters.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As Bell heads towards the pedestal, fish-type MOBs that were swimming to protect the pedestal launch an attack on Bell.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bell takes out a crowbar and swings it around underwater, hitting the fish-type MOBs.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In the water, striking attacks are weakened due to water resistance, so it takes multiple hits to defeat one.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Meanwhile, I take out the Dissection Cleaver - Azure Dance from my inventory and cut down the fish-type MOBs passing by my side as if caressing them.</p>
<p></p>
<p>(Bell, that method is no good. Change to cutting attacks.)</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I convey this with gestures, Bell nods in understanding, puts away the striking weapon crowbar, and this time takes out knives in both hands.</p>
<p></p>
<p>From there, she disposes of the enemy MOBs faster than me and reaches the seabed pedestal.</p>
<p></p>
<p>(Yun, you search. I&#x27;ll protect the pedestal.)</p>
<p></p>
<p>(Understood)</p>
<p></p>
<p>We exchange simple gestures with each other, and I look around the white sandy seabed.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Even if it&#x27;s said to be an iron ball chained, it&#x27;s buried in the sand and hidden.</p>
<p></p>
<p>However, I was able to find the location of the chain hidden in the sand with the 【Appraisal】 skill.</p>
<p></p>
<p>(It&#x27;s here!)</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I grab the chain from the sand, the chain is pulled up and emerges from the sand.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And when I pull the iron ball that should be at the end of it, the iron ball is pulled out of the sand with a heavy response.</p>
<p></p>
<p>(Cleared the enemies. I&#x27;ll help you, Yun.)</p>
<p></p>
<p>(Thank you)</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bell, who had defeated the surrounding enemy MOBs alone earlier, came to help.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell swim to the location of the iron ball, lift the iron ball together and carry it to the pedestal, and the pedestal rises with a heavy sound, and a treasure chest was placed in the hollow below it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell grab the handles on the left and right of the treasure chest and pull it up to the surface of the sea where Letia and the others are waiting.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Phew! Treasure chest retrieved!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-kun, Bell, good work!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Emiri-san and Letia pull up the treasure chest that me and Bell retrieved.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then me and Bell climb onto Uzuki&#x27;s back and take a deep breath.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Good work. How was it?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;If I didn&#x27;t have the underwater breathing potion, I would have had to go back once to breathe. Thank you, Yun-san.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;No, Bell attracted the enemies and helped carry the iron ball. I was saved.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell praise each other and exchange smiles.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, after retrieving the first treasure chest and proceeding to the next location, we arrive at a small island away from the isolated island.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Even if it&#x27;s called a small island, it&#x27;s submerged in the sea up to ankle depth, and it&#x27;s a place that you definitely wouldn&#x27;t recognize as an island unless you got close.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;The trial for the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 here is target shooting.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Target shooting?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;If you stand on this with the corresponding treasure map, 10 targets will appear, and it seems you can achieve it by destroying them within the time limit.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Saying that, Letia gets off Uzuki&#x27;s back and lands on the small island, and a target shooting target appears with a light &quot;pon&quot; sound.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The targets around the small island are shaped like balloons modeled after octopuses, squids, and jellyfish, and they are moving swaying so that you can&#x27;t aim.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Natsu, please.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Chichi!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>The Millbird Natsu takes off and destroys the moving targets with body blows from its beak and wind blades created by flapping its wings.</p>
<p></p>
<p>When all the targets are destroyed by Natsu, a fanfare-like sound rings out, and a treasure chest floats up from the nearby sea surface.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s like this. It&#x27;s easier than the underwater ball game just now, so would you like to challenge it?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Emiri-san look at each other.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Since we have the treasure map for this place, both of us can challenge the target shooting.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, I&#x27;ll try it first.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Emiri-san, good luck!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Aim for the fastest record!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell cheer for Emiri-san, who gets off and lands on the small island, replacing Letia.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, as soon as Emiri-san lands, 10 targets appear, and target shooting begins.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ha!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Emiri-san swings her weapon, the linked sword, like a whip and aims at the target, but her aim is slightly off, and it passes by.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ah, close! Next! There&#x27;s still time.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I see. The foothold is submerged in water, and the waves make your footing unstable, so it&#x27;s more difficult than it looks.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Saying that, she pulls back the linked sword and swings it again.</p>
<p></p>
<p>This time, she swings it horizontally, and the blade runs through a wide range, destroying two targets.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As she gets used to it, Emiri-san destroys 8 targets, but the remaining 2 targets are moving in a place slightly farther than the range of the linked sword.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I can&#x27;t help it. --【Summon】!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Emiri-san, sighing softly, throws a core stone that summons a synthetic MOB into the sea and summons a fish-type synthetic MOB.</p>
<p></p>
<p>The fish-type MOB, sticking its face out of the water, narrows its mouth and spits out water forcefully, destroying the remaining targets.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Emiri-san, well done!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yes, next is Yun-kun&#x27;s turn.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, I&#x27;m going.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Holding a longbow, I jump from Uzuki&#x27;s back to the small island and feel the instability of my footing due to the seawater that soaks up to my ankles and the force of the waves pushing from the side.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As soon as I land on the small island, target shooting targets appear, and the trial of 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 begins, and I nock an arrow on the longbow.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Hoo--&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I exhale softly and quickly release the arrow.</p>
<p></p>
<p>While being careful of the slippery footing, I quickly change directions and shoot down all the targets spreading in all directions with one shot.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Then, as soon as I finish shooting, a fanfare sounds, a treasure chest appears, and I retrieve it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, you&#x27;re so cool.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Amazing! No-miss clear is amazing!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Um, is that so... eh!?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When I get a little embarrassed by being praised by Letia and Bell, my footing is swept away by a slightly stronger wave due to that carelessness, and I fall on my butt on the small island.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Seriously... the ending is sloppy.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>As I mutter to myself, Bell, worried, comes down and offers her hand.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, are you okay?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Bell, thank you. I&#x27;m okay.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I take Bell&#x27;s hand, stand up, and return to Uzuki&#x27;s back together.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Well then, let&#x27;s go to the next place. We have to keep going, or we won&#x27;t finish.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When me and Bell return to Uzuki&#x27;s back, Uzuki slowly moves away from the small island and heads for the next 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 location.</p>
<p></p>
<p>After that, together with Letia and the others, if we headed to the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 hiding place on the beach --</p>
<p></p>
<p>Boss MOBs appeared, and we all cooperated to defeat them --</p>
<p></p>
<p>When we arrived at the hiding place of the treasure, arches of water appeared around us from the sea surface, and we passed through the arches of water while riding Uzuki --</p>
<p></p>
<p>We proceeded through a cave opened in the crevice of the rock wall on the south side of the isolated island and cleared the riddle solving that was ahead --</p>
<p></p>
<p>In this way, while obtaining the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】, we also recover the losing treasure chests along the way.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Emiri-san, who got our hands on items for exchanging money and production materials in the losing treasure chests, enjoyed the treasure hunt on the beach while having happy faces.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Haa haa, I&#x27;m tired-&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I was able to interact with living things, but I&#x27;m already fed up, nyaaa-&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-kun, Bell, good work.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Emiri-san hands me and Bell, who are lying down on Uzuki&#x27;s back, cold drinks taken out from the inventory.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In the treasure trial we received a while ago, a dugong-like MOB holding a treasure chest appeared from the sea surface, and the content was to chase and catch that dugong.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bell showed motivation to be able to interact with the dugong with its cute face and round, soft body, and she decided to take the trial instead of Letia, who has the map.</p>
<p></p>
<p>I also thought that it would end easily from its appearance, but as a result of challenging it, I had more trouble than I expected.</p>
<p></p>
<p>In the seabed near the map, there were remains of sunken ships, and the dugong that had escaped there gained the advantage of the terrain and continued to tease us.</p>
<p></p>
<p>It continued to escape using the three-dimensional structure of the sunken ship, and me and Bell&#x27;s breathing didn&#x27;t last, so we repeated returning to the sea surface many times.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell repeatedly played underwater tag many times, and finally caught the dugong by cooperating with each other and cornering it, and received the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell, who finished the trial of underwater tag with the dugong, were so tired of swimming that we couldn&#x27;t even remember the joy of getting the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 or the feeling of touching the dugong.</p>
<p></p>
<p>There was a trial of other 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 that involved stealing a treasure chest from a giant crab running wildly on the sandy beach, but I think this was a different kind of difficulty.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Haa, haa, I hope the next trial is easier.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I, I agree with Yun-san. Let&#x27;s take a little rest, funyaa~&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Me and Bell, who were too tired, are resting on the back of Uzuki, which is moving slowly.</p>
<p></p>
<p>While Emiri-san and Letia are left to look for other treasures for a while, it seems that we had moved to the east side of the isolated island before we knew it.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;We&#x27;re going a little offshore next, is that okay?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s okay, but what kind of place is it next?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I asked because I didn&#x27;t have a treasure map that seemed to go offshore, and Letia holds up the treasure map.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s map number 28. It&#x27;s quite far offshore, so let&#x27;s go.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Isn&#x27;t that quite difficult?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>While Emiri-san mutters that, Letia nods quietly.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;I think so. Because--&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Saying that, dark clouds suddenly gather above our heads, and it starts to rain.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And ahead of where we are going, a whirlpool was swirling.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;--The destination of the map seems to be beyond that whirlpool.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Wait! Are we jumping into that!? No way! That&#x27;s impossible, right!&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>While I reflexively reject it, Bell puts her hand on my shoulder with a warm expression.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, let&#x27;s give up together.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bell must have investigated various things about the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】 near the isolated island with Letia.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Bell is exuding an atmosphere of giving up somewhere.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Map number 28 is an uncleared Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure. According to the story of the person who challenged it, there seems to be something on the seabed. However, they died and returned due to the shock of being tossed around by the whirlpool before that.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;No, no, can&#x27;t we just enter diagonally so as to avoid the whirlpool!?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>While I was resisting, Uzuki was keeping a distance from the whirlpool and measuring the timing of the rush.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;There are many enemy MOBs in the sea around the whirlpool, so it&#x27;s still more likely to break through the whirlpool.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Seriously...&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Seriously. Endure the impact of the whirlpool and dive to the very bottom. I think this is how to get this 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure】. If it&#x27;s absolutely impossible, we&#x27;ll turn back once and drop only Yun-san off on the east coast and challenge it.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>When Letia told me that, I made up my mind.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Ugh... I understand. I&#x27;ll go with you too. But I&#x27;ll do as much preparation as possible.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Saying that, I hand over the items I have to Letia and the others one after another.</p>
<p></p>
<p>●</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;《Void Enchant》--Defense. And drink this Strong Boost Pill/Tablet and Potion.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>I strengthen the DEF status with Enchantment and Strong Boost Pill/Tablet, make them drink 【Breathing Potion】 so that they can breathe underwater for a long time, and apply 【Night Vision Cream】 to their eyelids so that they can see around them even in the darkness underwater.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And finally, I hand a certain potion to everyone.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Drink this in advance too. You can&#x27;t use recovery items or recovery magic underwater.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;Yun-san, what is this?&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;--【Regene Potion】. It recovers 2% of the maximum HP every second for 10 minutes, and has the effect of raising the HP upper limit by 10%.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s amazing that the HP upper limit increases, but the amount of recovery is also very high.&quot;</p>
<p></p>
<p>Emiri-san stares at the potion bottle after drinking the 【Regene Potion】 handed to her by me.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Regene Potion [Consumable]</p>
<p>[Regeneration] HP +2% / 600 seconds [HP Increase] +10% / 300 seconds</p>
<p></p>
<p>Potions of the type called 【Regene Potion】 have existed in OSO for some time.</p>
<p>The 【Regeneration】 effect was attached as a bonus effect to normal potions and resurrection drugs, or could be obtained by eating cooking items.</p>
<p>However, the 【Regene Potion】 I handed over this time is a potion specialized for the 【Regeneration】 effect.</p>
<p>It is made by pickling 【Sephira&#x27;s Fruit】, which strengthens the body&#x27;s status, in 【Forest Blood Wine】 as a base, heating it after the ingredients have dissolved, and then concentrating it five times with an ingredient concentration machine.</p>
<p>Originally, it was a potion that was being researched for Shichifuku and the others, who have few recovery methods underwater.</p>
<p>Underwater recovery methods are limited to casting recovery magic of 《Regeneration》 that gives an automatic recovery effect in advance, or equipping accessories with an 【Automatic Recovery】 effect.</p>
<p>Among such limited recovery methods, the high-performance 【Regene Potion】 was created as one of the recovery methods with even higher performance.</p>
<p>&quot;It&#x27;s delicious like juice. Yun-san, seconds.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This is only one bottle at a time! I blew off the alcohol, but it&#x27;s originally alcohol, and it&#x27;s a potion, so even if you drink a lot, the effect won&#x27;t come out.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;But it&#x27;s amazing. The HP upper limit has increased, and the HP is recovering rapidly.&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Bell seems to be enjoying watching the 10% of the added HP upper limit being recovered.</p>
<p>Even if the HP is greatly reduced, HP 110% can be completely recovered in a little less than 1 minute, including the raised portion.</p>
<p>Well, there are various attacks such as a single blow that exceeds HP recovery, instant death techniques, recovery of status abnormalities such as poison, mutual killing of strengthening effect removal, recovery obstruction, etc.</p>
<p>However, the opponent doesn&#x27;t wait until the HP is fully recovered, so it&#x27;s not as powerful an item as you think.</p>
<p>&quot;Ragi, please. Yun-san, is there anything else?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, for now, I think this is about it for preparing to enter the whirlpool.&quot;</p>
<p>We strengthened the defense system status with Enchantment and Strong Boost Pill/Tablet, and the state where we have given 【Night Vision】, 【Underwater Breathing】, and 【Regeneration】 effects with various items, Kisaragi of Lana-Bug is fixed to the body of the water dragon Uzuki with a thick thread that it spits out so that we don&#x27;t get scattered in the whirlpool.</p>
<p>&quot;Natsu, Ragi, we&#x27;re entering from here, so please return. --《Return》&quot;</p>
<p>Letia, who finished the final preparations, returns Natsu and Kisaragi to their summoning stones and stares at the whirlpool.</p>
<p>&quot;Uzuki! We&#x27;re going to the bottom of the whirlpool!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Kyoooon!&quot;</p>
<p>It cries out loudly, swims to the center of the whirlpool at once, and starts diving from there.</p>
<p>(Ugh, it&#x27;s hard...)</p>
<p>While being tossed around by the fierce whirlpool that makes it seem like the sense of direction is crazy, I grab onto Uzuki and proceed to the seabed.</p>
<p>If we weren&#x27;t fixed by the thread that Ragi had stretched, we would have been scattered in the whirlpool.</p>
<p>While everyone endures by gritting their teeth, thanks to the 【Regeneration】 effect, the decrease in HP is gradual even while receiving slip damage from the whirlpool.</p>
<p>And, it feels like we endured for a long time, but in reality, we passed through the whirlpool in about a minute and reached near the seabed, and we had escaped from the whirlpool.</p>
<p>(Is this the seabed?)</p>
<p>The sea surface is dimly lit due to the dark clouds gathering and the heavy rain, but the white sandy beach is illuminated by glowing jellyfish and soft-bodied creatures such as squid, and it is brighter than I expected.</p>
<p>And we found something like stones lined up regularly on the white sandy beach.</p>
<p>Letia grabs onto Uzuki and gives instructions, and slowly approaches something like a stone sinking to the seabed.</p>
<p>Me and Bell remove the thread that was fixing our bodies, and if we check the stones sinking to the seabed, crabs are gathering, and we try to catch them.</p>
<p>Apparently, they can be secured as edible items, and Bell, who noticed that, is diligently collecting the creatures gathering on the regularly lined stones.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, I scratch the sand on the seabed where the 【Appraisal】 skill reacts and pick up a slender, curved material with a texture similar to stone.</p>
<p>I retrieve it into my inventory and realize the identity of this white stone.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Great Sea White Whale Bone [Material]</p>
<p></p>
<p>The bones of the Great Sea Beast 【Great Sea White Whale】. The huge whale that swims freely in the sea and swallows various creatures in one gulp, after its death, nurtures living things with its body sunken to the seabed as a mausoleum.</p>
  </body>
</html>
