<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 29</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 29</h1>
    <p>Final Chapter: The Hidden Treasure Gold Coin and the Shop of a Good-Natured Pirate of the Field</p>
<p></p>
<p>We, having escaped from the crater, were basking in the twilight on the summit of the island&#x27;s tallest volcano.</p>
<p>As a result of the gimmick boss Peryton&#x27;s fierce attacks and being repeatedly plunged into the lava, the heat-resistant swimwear and the hoodie worn over it were sooty and tattered in places.</p>
<p>&quot;Lured by a pirate NPC, trapped, fought a boss, and the result is one gold coin?&quot;</p>
<p>As the sun began to set little by little, I held the consumable important item called 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure Gold Coin】 up to the sky.</p>
<p>Whether it was worth obtaining even by subjugating Peryton would be revealed from now on.</p>
<p>As we were silent, staring blankly at the afterglow of escaping the volcano and the panoramic view of the isolated island, Taku, who had been searching the surroundings, called us together.</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, everyone, come here for a moment!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Huh? What&#x27;s wrong, Taku?&quot;</p>
<p>Gripping the hidden treasure gold coin, I stood up and headed to the place Taku had called me to.</p>
<p>There, there was a small iron door and a stone tablet that looked like it could fit the hidden treasure gold coin in my hand.</p>
<p>&quot;This is definitely the place that corresponds to treasure map number 10.&quot;</p>
<p>The map and the hidden treasure gold coin necessary to show and obtain the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】 were all together.</p>
<p>There, Taku took out his number 10 map and fitted the hidden treasure gold coin into the hollow of the stone tablet.</p>
<p>Then, the stone tablet turned over, and the iron door opened to the left and right.</p>
<p>&quot;Alright! Treasure chest discovered!&quot;</p>
<p>Taku retrieved the treasure chest inside the iron door in front of our eyes.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s check it out later for now.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I want that treasure too!&quot;</p>
<p>Seeing the iron door close and the reversed stone tablet return to its surface, Miu, who had the corresponding map, went after Taku to obtain the number 10 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】.</p>
<p>&quot;What about Yun? If you have a map, you can use the hidden treasure gold coin to get the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Um... I should have map number 10. Should I get it too?&quot;</p>
<p>Map number 10 should have been among the items I fished up while sea fishing.</p>
<p>I took it out of my inventory and, after Miu, consumed the Pirate King&#x27;s treasure map and the hidden treasure gold coin to obtain the treasure chest.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, it&#x27;s almost dusk, so let&#x27;s go down the mountain and go home as is.&quot;</p>
<p>It seemed that I, Miu, and Taku, who had map number 10, were curious about the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】 we had obtained, but Taku took the lead and prioritized moving to a safe zone.</p>
<p>And it seemed that those who had map number 10 but did not exchange it would choose whether to check the number 10 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】 and then come again, or use the hidden treasure gold coin to acquire the hidden treasure.</p>
<p>&quot;Even so, I&#x27;m tired...&quot;</p>
<p>Leveling, pirate NPCs, large pitfalls in caves, gimmick boss Peryton...</p>
<p>Everyone, who seemed tired from having too much happen in a short period of time, silently went down the mountain and tried to return to the route we had followed when that voice was heard.</p>
<p>&quot;Help me~, I don&#x27;t want to die in a place like this~!&quot;</p>
<p>We, who had come near the cave where the hidden treasure gold coin was enshrined, heard the voice of a man and ran out.</p>
<p>At the place we headed to, there was a pirate NPC tangled in the vines of the man-eating plant Killer Penentes and hung upside down.</p>
<p>Gantz and Minz, who found the pirate NPC, for the time being──</p>
<p>&quot;This is revenge for trapping us! Next, revenge for dropping us into the troublesome volcano! And this is revenge for making us use so many resurrection potions!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;This is for having my precious swimsuit ruined in the volcano! And this is for making me tired for nothing!&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz and Minz started hitting him to vent their anger.</p>
<p>However, because he was an NPC, no damage occurred, and the suspended body swayed at the impact of being hit.</p>
<p>&quot;Okay, I&#x27;ll do it too!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Me too!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Hey, hey, stop it, it&#x27;s bad for emotional development!&quot;</p>
<p>Miu and Hino also tried to hit the pirate NPC to relieve their frustration, so I and Lucart hurriedly stopped them.</p>
<p>&quot;Oh, you guys were alive! No, I mean, you were alive!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;How innocent! You should be attacked by Peryton in the crater once!&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Gantz and Minz spun the upside-down pirate NPC around and around.</p>
<p>&quot;Ugyaaa, my eyes, my eyes are spinning, I feel sick!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Haa, the story isn&#x27;t progressing. Yun, I&#x27;m counting on you.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Good grief... Understood.&quot;</p>
<p>I took out a bow and arrow and shot through the vines suspending the pirate NPC.</p>
<p>As a result, the suspended pirate NPC fell to the ground and then got up.</p>
<p>&quot;Let me down more carefully! No, heh heh, you guys are alright, aren&#x27;t you!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Yeah, thanks to you. So, is that all you have to say?&quot;</p>
<p>Gantz and Minz had vented their anger by hitting him before freeing him from the vines, but it seemed that Taku was also quite angry.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m really sorry! I won&#x27;t do it again, so please forgive me!&quot;</p>
<p>Seeing the pirate NPC prostrate himself in front of Taku without shame or pretense, Taku seemed to have his venom taken out as well.</p>
<p>&quot;............ Hmph, well, I don&#x27;t intend to do anything in particular, what are you all going to do with the pirate NPC?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I think it&#x27;s okay to forgive him. Either way, we won&#x27;t be involved with him again if we leave him alone, and we just shouldn&#x27;t trust him...&quot;</p>
<p>Taku had found him, but he didn&#x27;t intend to get involved any further, and I agreed with that.</p>
<p>As Lucart and the others agreed with that opinion, the pirate NPC, who had been prostrating himself, rejoiced exaggeratedly.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m going to stop dreaming about the Pirate King&#x27;s treasure and just run a shop and laze around. If you like, come buy something! Well then, goodbye!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;──Ah!?&quot;</p>
<p>The moment he was forgiven, the pirate NPC took advantage of our lapse, said only what he wanted to say, and ran away.</p>
<p>We, taken aback by the sight, let out a sigh in amazement.</p>
<p>&quot;Good grief... We were just being tossed around.&quot;</p>
<p>Not only I but also Miu and the others saw off the pirate NPC&#x27;s behavior, who had tossed us around as he pleased and disappeared without even telling us the location of the shop or what he would sell, with a dumbfounded look.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m kind of tired, so shall we go home?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Let&#x27;s go to Shichifuku and the others&#x27; 【Beach House】 and rest.&quot;</p>
<p>On the way there, we were fighting as much as possible for my leveling, but on the way back, we avoided enemies and moved to the nearest portal in the shortest time, and from there, we arrived at the 【Beach House】 on the west coast by teleportation.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m tired~. I never thought that just helping Yun Onee-chan with leveling would turn into something like this.&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Miu ordered something sweet at the 【Beach House】 with a lack of strength, and everyone nodded with bitter smiles on their faces.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, the moment we&#x27;ve all been waiting for. Let&#x27;s check the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】!&quot;</p>
<p>Along with Taku&#x27;s shout, I, Miu, and Taku, who had the map and gold coin at that place, took out the unopened treasure chest from our inventories.</p>
<p>&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;──Ready, set, go!&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;</p>
<p>Watched by everyone, the contents of the treasure chests that the three of us opened all at once contained a single map in a rolled-up state.</p>
<p>&quot;What? Could it be that what we got by consuming the hidden treasure gold coin was a losing treasure chest?&quot;</p>
<p>As I muttered that, Taku unfolded the rolled-up map to check.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Pirate Island Map 【Important Item】</p>
<p></p>
<p>A map of the entire isolated island area.</p>
<p>&#x27;This is my 10th treasure... which sounds good, but it&#x27;s just a map of the island. You climbed to the volcano in the center of the island, right? If so, use it to freely search anywhere on the island! But, I won&#x27;t hand over the real treasure so easily.&#x27;</p>
<p></p>
<p>While thinking that the Pirate King&#x27;s flavor text was still fun to look at, Taku looked at the 【Pirate Island Map】 and let out a sigh.</p>
<p>&quot;Haaah...&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Whoa!? T-Taku, what&#x27;s wrong?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, it&#x27;s convenient if you say it&#x27;s convenient, but I can figure out most of the location with my mental map, so I thought it wasn&#x27;t really necessary.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, I see...&quot;</p>
<p>Taku stared at the isolated island map with distant eyes.</p>
<p>This isolated island map is more convenient than it looks because it has a marker function that shows the entire island area and your own location, detailed depictions of buildings and terrain in various parts of the island, and a function linked to the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map】.</p>
<p>Well, it&#x27;s certainly convenient, but because it&#x27;s a convenient item limited to this isolated island, it lacks versatility like unique weapons and enhancement materials.</p>
<p>Also, one person in the party is enough to have the treasure map, so it seems that he feels like he lost out even though he went to the trouble of using the hidden treasure gold coin to get it.</p>
<p>&quot;Somehow, I can&#x27;t really accept it as a treasure, and I have a feeling of incomplete combustion.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Then you can go get the hidden treasure gold coin again and look for another treasure this time, right?&quot;</p>
<p>When I said that, Taku seemed convinced.</p>
<p>Miu, with her tired look from just now blown away, was spreading out the isolated island map she got with Lucart and the others and discussing which area to search next.</p>
<p>And I also enjoy just looking at these kinds of maps, wondering what kind of places there are, whether the places I&#x27;ve been to so far were around here, and so on.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, we did something that wasn&#x27;t originally planned, but we enjoyed it enough, so thank you for your hard work!&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;──Thank you for your hard work!&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;</p>
<p>We took a break at the 【Beach House】 and then logged out separately, ending this day&#x27;s adventure.</p>
<p></p>
<p>　　　　●</p>
<p></p>
<p>Miu and Taku went to 【Atelier】 every day to purchase items up to the purchase limit because they used consumable items, including resurrection potions, in leveling and fighting Peryton.</p>
<p>At that time, everyone was able to tell me the latest information about the isolated island area, and today, I was able to hear from Taku about what happened to the pirate NPC who had trapped us.</p>
<p>&quot;It seems that that pirate NPC has been found.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Seriously? He didn&#x27;t try to trick us again, did he?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;No, he had set up a shop, just like he said when he ran away. ...Or rather, it seems that the shop became available because we chose to let him go at that place.&quot;</p>
<p>The series of events from helping the pirate NPC, who we found collapsed, to being tricked, and the information about the 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure Gold Coin】 quickly spread among the top players, and verification was carried out.</p>
<p>As a result, it became possible to obtain the hidden treasure gold coin without the pirate NPC&#x27;s guidance, and the information on the uncleared 【Pirate King&#x27;s Treasure Map】 began to be updated one after another.</p>
<p>On the other hand, it seems that the subsequent development changes greatly depending on how you respond when guided by the pirate NPC.</p>
<p>If you manage to avoid falling into the big hole when tricked, the pirate NPC will use the hidden treasure gold coin he just obtained to guide you to the entrance of the nearby dungeon where the number 7 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasure】 is hidden.</p>
<p>After being tricked and dropped into the crater where Peryton is, if you escape safely and don&#x27;t forgive the pirate NPC you dropped into the big hole, he will leave behind a large amount of hidden treasure gold coins that he was actually hiding and run away.</p>
<p>No matter which option you choose, it seems that the player will not lose out as a result, but the shop 【Sea Cat House】, which is opened by forgiving the pirate NPC, seems to be more attractive to players.</p>
<p>For that reason, it seems that there is no end to the players who are tricked by the pirate NPC and jump into that big hole with joy.</p>
<p>&quot;That pirate NPC&#x27;s shop──【Sea Cat House】 sells a lot of poisons and status ailment bad status drugs.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, we use them when we need to.&quot;</p>
<p>I can make status ailment bad status drugs myself, and I can prepare highly effective ones.</p>
<p>However, it would be convenient to have a large amount when training my status ailment bad status resistance sense.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, I&#x27;m going to continue searching for treasure on the isolated island again, but Yun, would you like to come with me?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I have plans after this, so I&#x27;m fine. Be careful and go.&quot;</p>
<p>After exchanging information with Taku, who came to buy consumables, I saw Taku off.</p>
<p>The 108 【Pirate King&#x27;s Hidden Treasures】 on the isolated island still have not had their full details revealed, but that unknown part is what fascinates the players.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, I guess I&#x27;ll go too.&quot;</p>
<p>I came to the 【Production Guild】 building with Liui and Zakuro.</p>
<p>&quot;If I don&#x27;t prepare now, I might not have enough.&quot;</p>
<p>I also have a desire to enjoy the isolated island area more, but I will leave that to Taku and other players, and I will prepare for the first anniversary.</p>
<p>The summer vacation is about to begin, and the anniversary update commemorating OSO&#x27;s first anniversary is coming up.</p>
<p>OSO will undergo changes in various areas, such as the influx of new players and the implementation of new content.</p>
<p>Preparing a system that can support players in preparation for that is the duty of 【Atelier】 and the character named me.</p>
<p>&quot;Um... I&#x27;m pretty sure I confirmed with Kyoko-san, but the missing materials are around here, right?&quot;</p>
<p>I searched for compounding materials from the file of the material list handled by the 【Production Guild】.</p>
<p>Then, I found the material and took the file to ask the guild&#x27;s receptionist NPC.</p>
<p>&quot;Excuse me. I would like these materials around here, but do you have them in stock?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;How many do you need?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;For now, 100 of each, please.&quot;</p>
<p>Although they are not cultivated at Atelier, they are still quite common materials, so I thought there would be a large stock and gave that number, but the receptionist NPC lowered their eyebrows as if in trouble.</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m sorry. Half of those materials are currently low in stock, so the maximum is 30 due to measures to prevent hoarding.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Eh!? Ah, I see... That can&#x27;t be helped.&quot;</p>
<p>There must be players who are starting to prepare consumables and materials in line with the first anniversary update, just like me.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s not a monopoly like a reselling guild, but everyone&#x27;s purchases in the form of goodwill are overlapping, causing a shortage of stock.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, please give me 30 of each for now. But what should I do about the missing materials...&quot;</p>
<p>I paid for the materials, obtained only the number that I could receive at the moment, and thought about the shortfall.</p>
<p>Should I look for them at stalls, or should I go get them myself...?</p>
<p>Because there are many types and numbers, it will take time to gather all the numbers at stalls.</p>
<p>It may be faster to go get them myself, but that&#x27;s only when one type is missing, and it takes a little effort when there are multiple types in large quantities.</p>
<p>&quot;Hmm. What should I do?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Oh? Yun-kun, what&#x27;s wrong?&quot;</p>
<p>As I was worried, Magi-san came down from the second floor of the guild hall.</p>
<p>&quot;Ah, Magi-san. Why are you here?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I came to see the 【Magic Furnace】 that was installed in the guild hall. I also interacted with players who were processing Adamantite there. What about you, Yun-kun, why are you here?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Actually──&quot;</p>
<p>I explained that I came to buy a wide range of compounding materials to increase the stock of goods in preparation for the OSO first anniversary update, but I could not collect the target number because the stock was low.</p>
<p>&quot;I see. We definitely want to prepare a generous number of potions that you won&#x27;t run out of because we are having you sell them on consignment.&quot;</p>
<p>Magi-san is still selling my potions and other consumables on consignment at 【Open Sesame】, so the stock of consumables for the first anniversary update is not unrelated.</p>
<p>&quot;I know. How about asking everyone?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Ask everyone?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. The materials that Yun-kun wants have demand and are low in stock, but they must exist somewhere, so ask everyone.&quot;</p>
<p>For example, material items do not deteriorate if they are put in the inventory, so there must be people who are storing them.</p>
<p>It would be good if they could call on this opportunity and have them released.</p>
<p>&quot;The 【Production Guild】 will lend you a place to buy them. Well, the purchase price should be decided by the number and purchase price so that the materials are not monopolized.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I understand.&quot;</p>
<p>At Magi-san&#x27;s suggestion, I wrote down the materials necessary for compounding and the reason why they were necessary, and prepared the number to buy and the money.</p>
<p>I bought them at a 30% higher price than the purchase price of materials at the production guild, and the receptionist NPC of the production guild also helped me.</p>
<p>And──</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, I&#x27;ll put out a call at the 【Production Guild】.&quot;</p>
<p>Then, Magi-san put out a call at the 【Production Guild】, and one hour later──</p>
<p>&#x27;Yun-chan, I brought the materials I have!&#x27; &#x27;I asked an acquaintance, and they had them, so I brought as much as they had!&#x27; &#x27;I brought the materials that were piling up in our guild&#x27;s warehouse, so please take them&#x27;</p>
<p>&quot;Whoa... T-That&#x27;s amazing!&quot;</p>
<p>Within an hour of putting out the call, people gathered after seeing the announcement that Magi-san had put out.</p>
<p></p>
<p>And, the prescribed materials have already been collected, and in fact, it seems that three times the original number will be collected.</p>
<p>&quot;Let&#x27;s stop the recruitment around here. And let&#x27;s consult with Claude and proceed with buying from the people who will be bringing them in after this, citing the lack of materials as the reason. Yun-kun, is that okay with you?&quot;</p>
<p>The receptionist NPC is doing the purchase processing, but even so, the enthusiasm of the people is amazing.</p>
<p>&quot;Yes, that&#x27;s fine. But Magi-san, do people gather so quickly?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Normally, no...&quot;</p>
<p>Saying that, Magi-san happily looked at the players who had gathered with materials at my recruitment and explained to me.</p>
<p>&quot;Normally, material recruitment is about matching players who want money with production jobs that want materials.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Well, that&#x27;s true.&quot;</p>
<p>For example, because I want to make an Adamantite weapon, I need 100 Adamantite ore. The purchase price is recruited with a price like ○○ million G per piece.</p>
<p>I think this time is the same kind of feeling, but──</p>
<p>&quot;In Yun-kun&#x27;s case, you want materials, but the materials that gather are not that valuable, and the purchase price is cheap unless there are a lot of them, right?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right.&quot;</p>
<p>I&#x27;m increasing the purchase price of the production guild by 30%, but even so, the purchase price is originally cheap for the materials used for compounding for beginners.</p>
<p>If you&#x27;re going to sell materials, it should be more efficient to collect items of the same rank with a higher purchase price.</p>
<p>──So why are people gathering?</p>
<p>&quot;Maybe the reason they&#x27;re gathering is Yun-kun&#x27;s purpose and the trust that Yun-kun has built up.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Purpose and trust?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;That&#x27;s right. Yun of 【Atelier】 is trusted to sell potions at reasonable prices. They may have been helped by you, or they may bring newcomers who will start on the first anniversary. They are cooperating with Yun-kun, who is supporting those people.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I see.&quot;</p>
<p>Looking at the players who are gathering again, there are many customers of 【Atelier】, and there are few people who are having money problems.</p>
<p>I am filled with joy that the fact that I was advocating the purpose of supporting other players is coming back in this form.</p>
<p>&quot;Well, the target number has been collected in this short amount of time, but what are you going to do?&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;I&#x27;m going to take the materials that everyone brought back and prepare the potions.&quot;</p>
<p>Magi-san nodded at my words and responded to the people gathering at the 【Production Guild】.</p>
<p>&quot;The rest will be bought by the production guild, so the next time you buy the same materials, you won&#x27;t have a shortage of materials.&quot;</p>
<p>&quot;Magi-san, thank you very much.&quot;</p>
<p>I bowed to Magi-san, took the materials I bought, returned to 【Atelier】, and headed to the workshop department.</p>
<p>&quot;Well then, these are the materials everyone gave me. Let&#x27;s do our best to prepare for the first anniversary event.&quot;</p>
<p>I started preparing a large number of consumables such as potions using the 【Compounding】 sense.</p>
<p>So that players who start OSO from the first anniversary can be helped to enjoy OSO.</p>
<p>In addition, regardless of whether they are new or existing, the updated OSO has countless areas and events that have not yet been seen, and they will be further added and expanded.</p>
<p>Thinking about the future of such OSO, I smile a little at the fact that I am excited.</p>
<p>&quot;Even so, I&#x27;m looking forward to it.&quot;</p>
<p>It&#x27;s a waste to only focus on the isolated island area.</p>
<p>I am preparing the stock of potions so that I can find something more interesting, move out immediately, and support it.</p>
  </body>
</html>
